sheraton was a wonderful hotel! When me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap. We didnt want to get up! The beds are absolutely to die for. I wanted to take it home with me. The service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in. They had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food. are "class acts" staff very friendly.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back. trip to Chicago. maintain these standards. at the Conrad. from Union Station. I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
was REALLY looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation, but unfortunately that was not to be had. From the moment we arrived at the Omni, the staff was belligerent and extremely rude. They had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before. If we weren't so tired, we would've gone to a different hotel right then, but hindsight is 20/20. After we FINALLY got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for 45 minutes in the lobby, we decided to go down to the pool, which was tiny and kind of dirty, so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing. The internet access was really slow. I will NEVER stay here again. Save yourself the headache and book somewhere else! experience, less money! and nothing special. THE AFFINIA AGAIN. trip to Chicago. waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
let me say, I try not to be too critical, but in some cases the truth is warranted! We checked in and things seemed fine. Location was excellent. Woke up the first morning, to a slightly rumpled bed covered in "stains", I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality. Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign, I did and no one even came until later in the day. The room was big enough, had no drawers, suposedly remodeled but carpet didn't reach the wall, toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken. The mirrors were great and the water was always hot! The walls were paper thin, I heard every conversation the guests next door had. They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v. through the walls and vents. Internet was $13.00, worked for a bit and then not again, I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later. The hotel did give us a credit for the charges. At this point, enough was enough, we packed our bags and checked out. The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops!!	3	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	First
Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees. reserving a room. this hotel again. with better accommodations. the Hard Rock. be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel!	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money! and nothing special. THE AFFINIA AGAIN. trip to Chicago. waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
me first start by saying I have always been pleased with the Conrad hotels and that is why I chose the Conrad Chicago. I was very disappointed in the level of service. 3 phone calls to get maintenance to fix the bathroom sink, unpleasant experience in the Terrace resturant, front desk not aware of room eminities, and a very uncaring MOD! All the Conrad hotels I have stayed at have been 5 STAR but not this one. I have to give it 2 stars!!!:(	5	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Let
wife and me stayed in the Amalfi Hotel Chicago last August in a weekend visit to Chicago. The hotel is located in the 20 W Kinzie St, in the well-known River North District. We got what the hotel promised: gentle staff, a luxury room with a breathtaking view, magnificent meals and a select wine. I also used its well-equipped gymnasium. We paid $586 with taxes for two nights. I think it was a good price, taking in account the excellent conditions we got there. I would recommend the Amalfi Hotel to anybody with good taste that visits Chicago. this hotel again! needs and more! Two Thumbs Up. was absolutely gorgeous! on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back. I wasn't particularly impressed with their customer service. When we arrived to check in, the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly. She was short with me when I asked her about the city's attractions and things to do. Our room wasn't all that great either. It was rather small and had a weird smell to it. I won't be staying here again. stay there again. staying there again. staying here again. The Talbott again. at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits. to be missed! it to others. recommend this hotel. stay. Would return. many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep).	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently, I was nothing but disappointed. This "luxury hotel" obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable. When I arrived, my hotel room was devoid of towels, and after calling down to the front desk, it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered. On top of that, when I went to connect to the internet in my room, the wifi signal was too weak and I was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop! For the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their "superior corner suite", I could have stayed a week at a Holiday Inn, and after this stay, I wish I had. you pay for.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago! It is a great place to stay as a family. The last time my family and I visited Chicago, we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package. What an amazing time! The Aquarium is great, and we saved a lot of money by buying this package. I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen. With two really picky children, it was so nice to be able to cook, or at least to have the option. We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown. Nice pool, great workout room, breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening. I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City! Guilt free luxury! Sofitel Water Tower! I'm in town. Very impressed overall! much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago. stay here again. Hotel. Highly recommended. would recommend it. were extremely helpful. of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted, there is construction going on around the hotel, but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and was gladly given one. The lobby is small, the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge, Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room, and it was spacious, tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again. Hotel. Highly recommended. would recommend it. were extremely helpful. of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!	12	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	A
arrived and thought for $350 a night, it would be a decent place. Good reviews,etc... We arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading. The hotel lounge was a "room", it was really odd and very dark. The first night there I noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking. Resembled something you'd find on a street. To top it all off we woke up after night #2 to find that bed bugs had attacked us. My husband and I were both bitten. I was bitten WAY more than my husband. My legs were covered with bites. I was on ointments and Benadryl for over a week. I immediately came home and scalded all our clothes. There was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it. The bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub. The view in room #607 is of a roof. Not good. The stay was VERY disappointing. The only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor. a mediocre hotel. at discounted rates!! to this hotel. that flooding hotel. of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
ever stay at this hotel!, Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine. First of all, THE PRICE! you not get what you pay for. I paid &217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV!! that's ridiculous! The bathroom did not work, and it was nasty! the bed sheets seemed like used, as if some people slept there and they smelled bad! After my experience with Conrad Chicago, I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel. You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel! you pay for.	14	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Don't
hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me. there too much. stay here again. a different hotel. And their sta to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much. stay here again. a different hotel. And their sta to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.	16	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Dissapointed
husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again! needs and more! Two Thumbs Up. was absolutely gorgeous! on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it. I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone! We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give "5" for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal. Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on & off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago. maintain these standards. at the Conrad. from Union Station. I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was everything I desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in Chicago. I loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a 42 inch flat screen television and iPod docking station. I appreciated the walking distance to all of Chicago's premiere shopping areas. The concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations, while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service. The services I received at at mySpa were some of the best in the world. Dinner at aria restaurant was delicious. In short, Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect luxury vacation, meeting all my needs and more! Two Thumbs Up. was absolutely gorgeous! on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel. Highly recommended. would recommend it. were extremely helpful. of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel. I opted for the Business Plan, although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from, such as the Allergy Friendly, Monarch Suite, State Suite, all the way up to the Presidential Suite. My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort, equipped with Wi-Fi, a generous 37 inch television, spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body. I dined at the Stetson's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared. The staff was curtious and accommodating. For breakfast, I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong, gourmet coffee. I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay. brought a date. a superb experience. not regret it! amazing and beutiful. will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes & slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards. at the Conrad. from Union Station. I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room. The rooms had just been renovated, but the changes did not make much of a difference. The room was so small, it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat. The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room. We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room, but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers. We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them. It would not have mattered if they sent a second set; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers. As hotel guests, we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for. We were severely disappointed. well at all.	18	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	We
wife and I spent our honeymoon in Chicago this summer. During this time we stayed that the Hotel Allegro. I knew this would be a positive experience from day one when I actually booked our reservations, the staff was very knowledgeable and courteous, and the whole process was quick, easy, and painless. Upon actually checking in the day of our honeymoon, the customer service was there again the staff again made us feel at home and at ease. The rooms were beautiful and the spa service is excellent. Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up. was absolutely gorgeous! on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
hotel must have originally been an ordinary downtown hotel in a not very nice neighborhood. The owners have painted it over and fixed up the lobby to make it an "upscale" overpriced boutique hotel. But it's still just an ordinary hotel with a paint job. Stay here if you want to experience staying in a flophouse, but with all the sleaze removed. Definitely stay at the chain's other location, the Burnham, for a much, much nicer hotel. I'm in Chicago! worth it. Really. stay there again. the Omni Hotel.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
Here is a place to NEVER hold an event. First, no one smiles, including the bartenders. Doesn't anyone here know they are in the HOSPITALITY business? The bartender was 54 years old. Why do I know that? Because, she stated to another employee that "when you get to be 54 years old, you tell it like it is." Very specifically, she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things. Wow. The room was set up the wrong way for the event. The food was just plain bad. $9 at a Ponderosa would have been as good. However, this is the Swisshotel. Oh, let's go back to the bartender telling us, unsolicited, about all the problems with the hotel. Man, you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business. $50 for valet. Ouch. Anyone asking you if you need something, like help? No. Does management make excuses? You bet. Do you ever want to hold an event here? Big no.	20	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Wow.
was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago! worth it. Really. stay there again. the Omni Hotel.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed! it to others. recommend this hotel. stay. Would return. many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep).	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. the Talbott anytime! recommend this hotel! names on it. a higher floor. at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute, budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me. We got a great rate -- $70 -- on Priceline. Close to the subway (red line) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $3.50 for both of us. We were able to check in more than 4 hours early. Room was great -- very clean, good closet space and fantastic bedding. Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar, but the bartender's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price. Concierge was helpful, too. Overall, service was terrific, room was great and staying there was a treat. I would stay there again any time, especially at that price.	22	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Staying
stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago, we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades, no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately, due to the conference, there isn't any other place to stay.	23	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Don't
my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently, it's indespirate need of renovation. the same weekend.	24	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	In
get the room we were promised. Kind of room we had reserved (2 queens) "wasn't available. they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed. Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in! Very unsatisfactory!! Will not return, will not recommend. Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel. When I next visit Paris nextspring, I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility.	25	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Didn't
ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in, they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room, it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure, I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also, the internet in the room is hard to set-up, slow to use, and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them, other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way, apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive, but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too, but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan), but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and, in some rooms, has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel, but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place, go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time, but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms, better beds, better service, and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.	26	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	THE
in old tower. Room was nice and room service was very good. Room Wi-Fi was expensive as was the bottled water. For the price of the room, at least there should at least have been water. I would rate the value as sub-par. The restaurant menu was not great, food mediocre by comparison to other downtown Chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant.. In summary, I will go to the M... or H... next time. Some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of North Carolina and earlier this year in Northern California. P.S. If you are a fitness room user, the $16 per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel. this was bad. train a staff? staff was rude i.e., new lamps.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury! Sofitel Water Tower! I'm in town. Very impressed overall! much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
to the Internet Retailer 2010 at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services. First of all, from reading other reviews, now I know I got ripped @ $249 a night when Priceline folks are sniping these rooms for $79 (albiet, I got free wifi). The hotel is nice; but it can only get so nice for an oldie...no matter how much money you dump into it. Shower head was really low (I'm 6'1"), water pressure was low. It is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by (check out reviews on Yelp!) For some off reason I ended up with two double beds (they asked me a few times if I was traveling alone). If traveling here: 1 - make sure you get a better deal than I did 2 - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person 3 - Don't have super high hopes My room was neither up to par as a business class (although the 22nd floor is called the executive floor) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple...it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers (sp?) trying to save money.	28	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Going
sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others. recommend this hotel. stay. Would return. many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep).	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel. We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street, near many local attractions. The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel. The pillow menu was awesome, my partner and I have such different preferences, the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home. The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect! I couldn't believe the amenities available to guests. My Beagle, Betsy enjoyed her stay at the "Jet Set Pet" care center. She was pampered as much as I was. It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit. It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist, a deck of cards; guidebook that included walking tours, and comfort items like a towel and map! I felt like I was the most important guest (surely, everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms). Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel!! we're in town! definitely feel special.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the Affinia Chicago hotel where I'm greeted by name by the concierge. He tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when I booked the stay. He shows me to my room (paying careful attention to my bags, and ensuring that I needn't lift a finger) sure enough, the down pillow I had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain, which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn't literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed. I notice that there's a display of champagne and cupcakes (!) atop the dresser and my "experience kit" which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks, and a yoga mat. namaste. Unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom, I find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower, but a jacuzzi, lined with candles of vanilla, deep enough to bathe a walrus. Feeling girlish, I run the water and test before going to dinner. The Hotel's restraunt C-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you're dining with the kings of paradise. or at least eating in the Caribbean itself. hmm, I should have brought a date. a superb experience. not regret it! amazing and beutiful. will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting, and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were, that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again. a different hotel. And their sta to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
we arrived the check in process was fairly quick, however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around. they seemed as if we were taking up their time. when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions, and after having to pay $10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow. the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain. overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it.	30	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	when
place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it.	31	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	beautiful
at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others. staying here again. when in Chicago. friends and family. room sevice menu. Would stay again! out of twenties.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived, to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were "strangers but for a minute!" The room was extremely clean, well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River, especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll! Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door, South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres, parks, the river (take a cruise), Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler, you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time, a concierge can be very helpful. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it. were extremely helpful. of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
you have not tried the Millennium Knickerbocker for a stay in Chicago, do it now! We have stayed (and enjoyed) at the Drake, Intercontinental and others, but we always now come back to the Knickerbocker. Why? If "Charlie" the doorman is on duty and you pull up, he will welcome you. He'll probably ask your name. Why? Because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit. Somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden, doorman, receptionist, bellman, waiter are referring to you by name. The employees are what makes this hotel. Yes, it has everything to offer like all hotels, but the others don't have the fine people (including the cleaning staff) these folks have. Try it, you will like it. We look forward to our next visit already... my next destination.	33	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	If
stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.	34	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Recently
place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really. stay there again. the Omni Hotel.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special. THE AFFINIA AGAIN. trip to Chicago. waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful. of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment, but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so. It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel. First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful. The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service. He said we had not reserved a room, which I had weeks earlier, and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both. Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents. He did straiten out the confusion, but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants. I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place. We were shown to another room, this time to our liking. From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had. To list just a few; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels, the food that room service brought up was cold, lifeless and bland, the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room. To be blunt, I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff, guts the building thoroughly, and is publicly flogged in a downtown park. WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN. trip to Chicago. waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful, the hotel is actually far from it. Even booking a room online was rather difficult, and i wasn't able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers. In general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks, its a mistake i wont make again and you shouldn't either. stay here again. staying somewhere else! respect or professionalism.	35	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	While
Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower! I'm in town. Very impressed overall! much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
Palmer House Hlton Hotel has to be the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Chicago. I went to Chicago on a business trip for a meeting. When I arrived once I walked in, the lobby was beautiful, I couldn't hardly wait to see my room. The rooms were just as nice, the bathroom was immaculate! We had a meeting in the Clark Meeting Room, even that was nice! I wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself! I was there for about 3 days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like, Grant Park, Lake Michigan, Mag Mile which is a shopping heaven, and the Navy Pier, it never really like the normal stressed out meetings. I love Chicago and I now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while I'm in town. Very impressed overall! much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago, everthing about the hotel was excellent. Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class. Great view from our room. The hotels location is great, right in the centre of the magnificent mile. A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad. from Union Station. I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!	36	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	we
choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor, but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel. at discounted rates!! to this hotel. that flooding hotel. of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip. We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded. We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city. The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service. The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more. Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site. The hotel's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses. Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable. Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt. Being of European descent, I enjoyed the croissants, whole grain muffins, real butter and marmalade. We also brought along our Standard Poodle, Sterling, and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family. We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings. Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling "at home" while away. For pet lovers this is a big plus. Finally, transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal. This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this, another appreciated bonus of our stay. Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience. not regret it! amazing and beutiful. will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds. We were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was small but adequate. Location was great, close to the L trains and also close to the train station as we always "walk" from Union Station. I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton, I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website. Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster. First off, my husband and I couldn't find the place. It was our first time in Chicago after all. And when I would call for directions, they just kept putting me on hold. When my husband and I finally arrived, the bus boy was extremely rude. After man-handling our luggage, he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip. Talk about arrogant. The front desk clerk was a little too pushy. My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister's wedding, but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room. The room itself was okay, decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you're worth. They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the "snack bar" and ordered a movie that I've never even heard of! Completely unprofessional. I will never, I repeat, NEVER stay at this hotel ever again. lack of sleep. not others available. whenever we wanted.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
Rock Hotel is a must to visit. No matter what city your in Hard Rock Hotel is the place to stay. Filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining. This Hotel is the place to be. Great views in every location, especially Chicago. The service is incredible along with the food and decor. The Hotel staff will help you feel right at home, no BETTER than home :)	38	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Hard
recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier) The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location, but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier, but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants, although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk, and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I <3 CHICAGO a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime! recommend this hotel! names on it. a higher floor. at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
family and I were in Chicago for a friend's wedding. We had asked around to find a hotel that was nice, but affordable and were pointed in the direction of the InterContinental Chicago hotel. The hotel appeared very nice, and to have all the amenities: Room service, WiFi, clean rooms. Unfortunately, as it turned out, appearances can be deceiving. It begins at the desk, where the clerk was downright rude and uncaring. He said they didn't have any rooms available because we didn't make arrangements. It was getting late, and we had no place to go, there weren't any hotels nearby and my kids were starving. I asked if there was anything he could do, and he said that I will have to ask someone else because he was busy. I talked with his manager and after a bit of fussing, the manager apologized and moved us into a room for the night. Apparently, our expectations for what would be the normal amenities for a hotel stay was above standard, because this room wasn't even clean and the wifi didn't work. We ordered room service, and it never came, even after several complaints. It doesn't end there either; when we got home we found that the hotel had charged us for the room service. Overall, this was a very frustrating experience, and I wouldn't stay there again. staying there again. staying here again. The Talbott again. at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago. Upon entering, there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk. The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming. The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede. I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering, I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was. I could barely see the bartenders face. The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting. After an hour, I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down. The mattress was surprising stiff. The noise was higher than expected as well. Thankfully, it was only a one night stay.	39	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Staying
checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day, I left the hotel, crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so, I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up, the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped, I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door, the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs, he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently, unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen, please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly, as for the rest of my stay, you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language, I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA! in my book.	40	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	After
bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance. Will definitely stay here again	41	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	A
architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s.	42	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Striking
though the reviews of this hotel are very good, the only good thing about it is the Location, which is excelent. aside from that, there are only 2 elevators, so there is ALWAYS a wait to get in. they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage, room service, etc takes forever. even if you arrive in a cab, there is no space to load/unload so you have to block the street while you arrive/depart, the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh. all in all, there are much better options in Chicago	43	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Even
arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet. priceless. Definitely recommended! the fantastic amenities. staying here again!	44	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Upon
found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years, and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located, although i had a view of a building site, and did have an ambience and some charm, however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time, having previously attempted to check in earlier, tired and in need of a rest, while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested, breakfast was not included in the price, all the things requested of reception did not occur, and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant, where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all. im in Chicago. stay here again. very frustrating experience. service was terrible. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Palmer House has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant. The rooms are way too small!!! Two people in a room with a King size bed can barely move around. Not enough room for two suitcases. Our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie The Shining. VERY NOISY!!!! Don't expect a quiet stay. You can hear EVERYTHING that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways. We requested a room change as soon as we checked in. The room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes, bricks, dirt and dust. Oh and the construction for their renovations starts at 7 a.m. during the week. We will never stay at the Palmer House again. You are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel. And their sta to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice, spacious, clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly, which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine, and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then, when she saw that my room was not on a high level, she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel! names on it. a higher floor. at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
$200 Gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the 16th. I filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them. This was such a disappointment, as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in Chicago. Our room was really nice, with 2 bathrooms. We had 2 double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed. We had a great view of the lake and park. The hotel charged us $25 to check in early (10am). Hotel Allegro again!!! piece of furniture. better ventilation system. go someplace else. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush. The rates for rooms, though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities. The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee, access to high speed internet, bathrobes, and 42 inch flat screen televisions. Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. person ask for?	47	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	
is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler. It offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined. With a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace, they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague. The restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client. And all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown Chicago deal on it! come back again! and it's real. a 5/5 stars. a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty, and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also, the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore, because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel, I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad. train a staff? staff was rude i.e., new lamps. cheap unfriendly staff.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room. this hotel again. with better accommodations. the Hard Rock. be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago. stay here again. very frustrating experience. service was terrible. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, i was very disappointed. I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area. From the look of the website, my expectations were above average. I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale. Upon my arrival, i checked in. I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room. As i was settling into the room, I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness. I noticed spiderwebs in corners, and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. Also, it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room, however, it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement. I, as a guest should not have had to call down, these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in. I found the restaurants on site to be crowded, loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal. I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items. Overall, my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area, I will chose another hotel for my stay.	49	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	On
wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago, as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel. We were expecting some minutia of luxury. However, this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago. First, we had reserved a room with a king size bed, but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed. Now, we did get a reduced price because of this, but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked. Second, we had to change our room key twice. The room keys they used supposedly lost their "charge". This is what the front desk told us. So, we had to go up to our room, find out the key didn't work, then come back down stairs get a new key, then get back in. This was highly unprofessional, and they really need to look into their key system. Lastly, we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room. We knew this was accurate, but I always check just in case. But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card. I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card. Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again. staying here again. The Talbott again. at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
Conrad Chicago is a Michelin rated hotel, so I was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations. Well, only one part of that was correct. The rooms are indeed nicely furnished, but the service was terrible! The concierge was unable to find my room reservation (I reserved online and even had the email confirmation) and wasn't very helpful in getting me a new room. I ordered room service, and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold. I mean, I understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room, but really? For the price I paid, it was definitely not worth it, and I would never use this hotel again. with better accommodations. the Hard Rock. be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.	50	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Here
Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding, fancy decorations, beautiful lobby, etc. However, they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in, I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar, only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime, I said, great, but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service, without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain, I was made to feel cheap. To me, it was not the money, it was the principle. The next morning, my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called, and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it), and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill, but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also, when they fixed the minibar fridge, they did not replace anything in it. The guy said, it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh, really? How about the warm beer, that was once cold, that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in, it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off, and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful, without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
made my reservation at the Hilton Chicago believing I was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities. Unfortunately, my stay at the Hilton Chicago went downhill from the moment I checked in. There was only one clerk at the front desk, and several guests already waiting ahead of me. Once I finally got checked in and located my room, I discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk. Finally I made it into my room. It appeared nice enough until I went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged. The manager moved me into a new room, so I can't complain too much, but still it was a hassle. Finally settled, I was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning. That is -- until the front desk called me at 5 am with a wake up call I had not requested! Needless to say, my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and I will choose other accommodations for my next trip to Chicago. waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
there recently for one night for a conference. Tried to check-in at 5:30pm (the published check-in was 3pm), they said my room wasn't ready, where as others coming after me were assigned rooms. Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready. I chilled there until 8pm, no call, so went out for dinner. Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready. The gal said of course yes and give me a key. When asked why no one called me, she just shrugged. No, my troubles did not end there. I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room. Came back to the lobby, then they apologized and gave me another room. I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again, so they sent someone with me to open the new room. For all my "trouble" they reduced my bill by about 40%. It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru. Very bad experience.	51	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Was
expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74, the closet is 24" wide, all old/dirty brass fixtures, beds that are a little bigger than a twin, showerheads that barely put out water, then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's, but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again. very frustrating experience. service was terrible. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it! come back again! and it's real. a 5/5 stars. a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it! amazing and beutiful. will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago, I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff. To start off, the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms. Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings, I had hoped to spend a quiet night in. My neighbors, however, watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume, destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance. When I asked the concierge to address the issue, he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job. As I visited the gym, I found their "state-of-the-art" StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills, weights and yoga mats. The water in the cooler was quite warm, and the workout towels were stained and tattered. Finally, all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds.	52	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	During
was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at Affinia Chicago! When I arrived to check in, my reservation that I had made, (and confirmed), 2 weeks earlier, was not in the computer.I had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me. The whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone, while the office phone rang off the hook. I had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room.I'll never go back,dont waste your money. writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it. a higher floor. at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
That is all I can say! My girlfriends and I recently went on a little 'excursion' to Chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel. The rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable, modern style. The beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding I have ever felt on a hotel bed. Our views were just as amazing. We could even see Lake Michigan from our suite. We only dined in the hotel once during our trip, but it was the best time we had. The Aria Restaurant was so elegant yet fun. Very clean and just a great atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional and courteous, going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors. Highly recommended! A must see next time you visit this area.	53	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	WOW!
Husband and I did not enjoy stay at Hotel Allegro! The room was so small. The bathroom was ridiculously stupid, everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself. Truly one person at time in the bathroom, it was like being in an airplane's bathroom. The walls are so thin, we heard the people across hall having sex. The some staff were really rude. I did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out. Check out time is 11am or 12 and we got a know on the door at 8AM with the sign stating " do not disturb. " The hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms, no mini fridge, and no coffee maker either. NO DRAWERS to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny. We were there for four days and three nights, so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at. I also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car. My Husand and I will never stay at Hotel Allegro again!!! piece of furniture. better ventilation system. go someplace else. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
visit Chicago, but this was my first stay at this location. Was able to secure a good rate through travelzoo. Thought the room was clean and was nicely decorated. Was very disappointed in the service. Stayed on a Saturday night - waited 20 minutes for extra pillows - called for 15 minutes but found out the third shift crew came in 20 minutes late. Also received an incorrect folio under my door(another guests that was staying at this location). I called the front dest to inform them of the error - and they explained that this was made in error and would be corrected. I opened my credit card statement and found that I was charged for three different rooms - one on the date of my visit and two a week later. I called the hotel and guest services took the information and forwarded to their accounting department. Received a message to call the billing department, have called three times - but have not received another reply back.	54	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Often
you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop, The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located, stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows, large flat screen tv, radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean. Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there, I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time, the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC, another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination.	33	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	If
recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago. Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites, my experience was anything but pleasent. First of all, they tell you that check in time is at 3pm. Well I arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready. After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready, I decided to go settle in. The carpets in the room smelled old and musty. Additionally, the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips, scratches, and dents in the furniture. Although the bed was comfortable, I just couldn't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet. It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep. All in all, my experience was not the worst I've ever had, but far from anything worth writing home about. hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
was really excited to be visiting Chicago for the first time, and the hotel that was recommended to me was the Conrad Chicago, located on Rush Street. I wanted a hotel that was conveniently located to all the downtown sites, and the Conrad Chicago does not disappoint in that respect. However, everything else about this hotel could be classified as sub-par, ranging from the rudeness of the check-in clerks to the roaches that were freely roaming in my room. This hotel does not deserve to be on anyone's recommended list. My first problem was a rude desk clerk who checked me in. After asking for three forms of identification (most places only ask for a driver's license) and asking me twenty questions about the reason for my trip to Chicago, she reluctantly gave me a room key. I asked if there was a bell cap to help me with my bags and she said if I wanted to wait, one would be able to help in about 15 minutes. I didn't feel like waiting, so I dragged my bags to the room, only to find that the room key did not work! Instead of dragging everything back down, I decided to use my cell phone to call the front desk, only there was no cell phone signal in the hall way. I couldn't believe I was in the middle of downtown Chicago and the hotel did not have a signal! I finally flagged down someone from the housekeeping staff to let me into my room, but I immediately saw there were problems. Two roaches scampered across the carpet and when I went into the bathroom, there were no towels or wash cloths. I went to turn on the TV and it didn't work. One of the lamps was missing a light bulb. I couldn't believe that this was happening to me. I was at the Conrad Chicago, not the Motel Six! I then sat down on the bed and the mattress was soft and lumpy. I was ready to cry. I was spending a lot of money on this hotel and it was a dump. I called down to the front desk and asked for another room, but they refused, saying I had gotten a special rate and it did not allow room changes. I insisted that they give me towels, fix the TV, put a light bulb in the lamp and have someone spray to get rid of the roaches. They agreed, but told me it would take "awhile" because several of their key personnel had called in sick. My stay at the Conrad Chicago was a nightmare from beginning to end. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
here currently. Had aspired to sleep. The paper thin walls allow even the slightest peep from your neighbor to feel like you're right in bed with them. Couldn't sleep anyway because of the cheap, giant fluffy pillows. Called housekeeping, asked for any help...was simply and accomodatingly told, after my plea for help, could they, would they have any ability to supply me with a reasonable pillow? Complete answer before hanging up: "We do not." Hyatt, may your well executed service lead to your demise. Happy	55	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Staying
daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture. better ventilation system. go someplace else. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system. go someplace else. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
were checked into a room with empty beer bottles,dirty shorts in the closet and an unclean bathroom. There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints. The front desk lady said the manager was on a LUNCH break at 7 PM!!!!!!! We missed our show at Navy Pier because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc. Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience!!! This was totally inappropiate since I had children including a teenager with me. She gave me a $30 compensation for ruining our family holiday!!!! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night. They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets. I asked for two blanket, but they delivered one. I had to keep calling to get settled for the night. I saw a filled out comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk, who had taken the trouble of filling it out, but no one collected it or cared for it. Noisy rooms. Can hear the doors open and close all night. The breakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished. I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates!! to this hotel. that flooding hotel. of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and enjoyed everything about the Hotel. Most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space, great jazz CD's in the room, wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The staff was very helpful with every request. The Amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry's, fruit's and jucie's. We also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta's for their guests. Would highly recommend this hotel. stay. Would return. many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the James hotel for a 40th birthday. The location was excellent for shopping and restaurants, but also very loud. The room was horrible. VERY SMALL. We had a double/double and it was the size of a college dorm room, plus completely white walls and linens. Absolutely no color except for one accent pillow. It was very sterile and uninviting. We were on the 11th floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting. It looked like the entrance to hell, if not a haunted house. Staff was very nice and accomodating. I would not return to this hotel. that flooding hotel. of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
got back from three nights at the Knickerbocker. Went up to Chicago for some last minute Christmas shopping. Hotel is in a great location. North end of Michigan Ave. about half a block away. Staff was very nice and professional. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful. Granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets. We were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room. Good size room, with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. Bathroom was somewhat small. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day. Did not eat at the restaurant Nix, but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar. Overheard comments saying the food was very good. Drink service at the Martini Bar can be slow. Martinis run $9 and up. Very good drinks and they don't shy away from the liquor. Valet parking was $35 a day with in/out priviliges. Overall a great stay. Would definately stay at this hotel in the future. at the Amalfi. I highly recommend!! and the subway.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there. We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful. Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again. And, by the way, the wedding was absolutely gorgeous! on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Swissotel for a business trip the first week of Aug 2007. I arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night. However, this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the 28th floor. EXCELLENT view of the city, river and Lake Michigan. In fact, I would say the corner room of the Swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity. The room was huge, and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice. The hotel is very convieniently located to the Magnificient Mile and Millenium Park. Would very much recommend this hotel, and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor. at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick	57	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Went
wife and I decided to stay at the Amalfi while we visited friends in Chicago; we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this 'Luxury' hotel to any of our friends. Amalfi claims that your stay begins with a 'warm greeting,' but we received the exact opposite. The front desk clerk was rude, sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question, and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room. Apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog, who we had to bring at the last minute. The room on the Pet Floor was alright, nothing spectacular, and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine. We proceeded to dinner at Keefer's Restaurant and had to wait an additional 45 minutes past our reservation time. I have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire; opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant. The next day, I could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly, and had to finish some work at our friend's house. My wife had called for some extra towels and pillows, which took about half an hour to receive. She also ordered breakfast because Breakfast in Bed WAS her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them. We were set to stay for 3 days, but only managed to stay 2. We will not be staying here again. The Talbott again. at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
family's seven day stay at the InterContinental Chicago hotel was more than I could ever imagine. The InterContinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel I have visited, because of its wonderful amenities, such as the excellent 24 hour room service, access to personal trainers,and even a dry cleaning service, just to mention a few. My family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary American cuisine at the hotels Zest Restaurant, which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price. My most favorite point about the InterContinental Chicago is that it provides entry right into the Windy City, where my family and I had immediate access to transportation, shopping, and city attractions. We had a great time traveling through Chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice, clean, elegant, safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day. The InterContinental is a must stay and I will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting Chicago. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up! in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
first entering the hotel, we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered. Through our 2 week stay, they told us to "have a nice day" as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return. Breakfast is served in the AM, and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen. It was a very enjoyable stay.	58	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Upon
from Minneapolis and was hoping to stay on Michigan Ave at hotel. When we arrived we were told a previous guest had extended their stay so we did not have a room. The hotel moved us to another hotel 2 miles away in a less than desireable location. Management on duty was unfriendly and even stated they would call security if we did not leave. They gave us $15 for cab fare. Will never stay there again. Happened to numerous guests the same weekend.	24	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	In
stayed this hotel for 2 nights. I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I've seen. Upon entering the building, you can easily see that it is clean and high class. The lobby was nice, and everything seemed as it should be. However, as soon as I made it into my room, it was completely different than everything previous to it. It was dirty, visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom. The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I've been to. There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants. When I called the front desk about these issues, they sent someone up to fix it. I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning, they were still at it! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors. The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done. As I was too tired, I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead. I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me. sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel, and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite. Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space. Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick. Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs. The hotel was amazing and beutiful. will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed two nights at the Hilton Chicago. That was the last time I will be staying there. When I arrived, I could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking. They wanted at least $10. What am I paying for when I stay there for the night? The website also touted the clean linens. The room was clean and I believe the linens were clean. The problem was with all of the down pillows etc. Don't they know that people have allergies? I also later found out that this hotel allows pets. I think that this was another part of my symptoms. If you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks I suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay. I did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking. Beware hidden costs. I will try somewhere else in the future. Not worth the money or the sneezing all night. my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
booking this hotel, I did read the reviews, and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees, and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am, they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid, the beds were moist & the room very stuffy. Called again, they sent somone to fix it, & he recommended getting a new room, because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked, yet, after the maintenance man called, they suddenly had a room available, go figure? So they move us to another room, guess what, it is 85 degrees. Again, they told us to turn it down to 40, needless to say, it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot, and we stayed here one night, and it was awful!!. At check out, I had to re-tell our entire room issue, they actually ended up not charging us for the night, thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay, because we would never go back. Also, the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago, don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!	59	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Before
Intercontinental Chicago Magnificent Mile The outside of the hotel itself is as the name says is pretty magnificent despite being set in what has to be the filthiest section in the city. For the cost of the rooms starting at 179.00 a night, you would think they would have a competent parking attendant. I was delayed from a very important client due to a latency issue with my reserved room, and if that was not enough. To top it off the room service had the nerve to bring up room temperature pasta and a bottle of champagne that had the seal previously broken free of the cork. Needless to say this will be the last time this hotel ever is to grace so much as another dollar bill from my account. I would highly recommend another hotel with better accommodations. the Hard Rock. be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
chose to stay at the Hilton Chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close! What I didn't expect was for the beds to be so comfortable. I can't remember when I got a better night's sleep. The staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept. We'll be returning to the Hilton Chicago the next time we're in town! definitely feel special. come back again.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside, my experience went downhill once I walked in. The lighting is very poor, which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere. The mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay. I definitely would not stay here again. staying somewhere else! respect or professionalism.	35	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	While
Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock. be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.	60	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Our
appointed, professionally staffed, comfortable, well-located, and elegant, with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor), fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time), good energy clientele, easy access to Michigan Avenue, next door to 24-hour restaurant, 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks, elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return!	61	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Beautifully
Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere. be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel	62	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Ok,
just spent the weekend here with my wife, and she loved it as much as I do. I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients, so I didn't have any choice. But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago, I knew this was the place to take her. The hotel hasn't just been remodeled, it's been completely redesigned. Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better, and the two rooms that I've seen are showplaces. They are amazing. This hotel is part of a luxury chain, and it's easy to see why. They offer full room service at convenient hours. I've been in every eating area now, and they are all great, too. Whether for business or pleasure, you can't beat this. It's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you'd expect. My wife was stunned, and yours will be, too. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience. service was terrible. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this...	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that I would have a wonderful stay in Chicago. After walking around the city all day, I was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place. The service was friendly and I especially liked the location. What a Treat! the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit, and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away, and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay, all the way down to choosing your own pillow! Very impressed overall! much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations!	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice!	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago and we can't wait to go back! The hotel is located in downtown Chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city, we were close to everything. The Hard Rock Hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking. The room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings. The bed was heavenly. The hotel staff was friendly, upbeat and extremely helpful, we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both. I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again. when in Chicago. friends and family. room sevice menu. Would stay again! out of twenties. was the best	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
it was a nice hotel, but i am rather frustrated with them! During our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping. The first day was fine. Second day my diamond earrings came up missing. Noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process. My biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further. But we had a family reunion and funeral to get to. While the front desk was great and said they would handle it, I believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way! We filed a police report and the GM of the hotel is supposed to be working on it. We have called several times but receive no answers. They keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there 10 + years.....that dosen't matter to me! If they are not held accountable what's to stop them from taking anything. There is a dishwasher in the room, and they found my daughters ring (which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings) in the dishwasher. They say I put the cup in the dishwasher. First, I am on vacation, trust me i'm NOT doing dishes! Second, why would I wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room? So, while it is a nice hotel....lock up your things of value! They may come up "missing" and you'll be left frustrated!!	63	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	While
Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.	64	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Thanks
booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown. We where woken up at 6:00 in the morning with our bathroom flooded, this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet. We where moved to another room, but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for. The next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets, coffee or towels, which is just horrible service. The service along with the orginal room where perfect, but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel. of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff? staff was rude i.e., new lamps. cheap unfriendly staff.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic. We got a very reasonable price for our stay (especially since we were a AAA member), and there was plenty of perks to utilize; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few. Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that, upon request, the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room. How cool is that! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area. your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
hotel with beautiful scenery! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. They even had a docking station for my iPod!	65	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Great
experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room. visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend, we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels, they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet, construction going on behind us and we never heard anything. Beds comfy and so were the quilts... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return. many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
was my first time to visit Chicago and I would say, i'd definitely go back, not just because of the Air and Water Show that we really enjoyed, but most importantly, because of the hotel that we stayed in. The Millennium Knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests, but with pets too. At first I was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog, but I was surprised it turned out the other way. I've experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that's really frustrating, it's just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit Chicago.	66	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	It
have to admit, I was a little leery about visiting Chicago due to my mild agoraphobia, but after a family member reserved a room at the Hotel Allegro Chicago, my fears were slightly assuaged. A few friends of mine had stayed in this hotel before, and had nothing but positive things to say. With this new-found optimism in mind, I went forward on my journey in confidence. I have to say, I was not let down. From the moment I stepped into the lobby, I felt at home. The concierge called bellboys to move our luggage from the taxi to our rooms, and the check-in process was fast and efficient. The rooms themselves are incredibly homey, feeling less like a hotel room and more like the guest room at a millionaire's mansion. The high comfort level coupled with prompt service when requesting items such as extra pillows and towels, really helped alleviate my apprehensions about staying in Chicago, and provided a secure place to stay at night, or whenever I did not feel like participating with the group. Of course, the rooms are second only to the overall feel of the hotel. I found myself spending less of my downtime in my room and more of it wandering around the building. Overall it's very cozy, and has a certain old-world feeling to it, once again lending to it feeling less like a hotel and more like a mansion at times. It was never overwhelmingly crowded, and the people I did encounter were incredibly friendly, yet not intrusive. I don't usually enjoy staying in hotels, but I love the Allegro Chicago! also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
Regency Hotel: Good ole Downtown, Chicago. Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers. Well, when we got to our room, one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times. Upon setting up the channel scanning which, the reception came in fuzzy all around, there was an interattive ethernet feature that after, lost in confusion of how to work it, provided us with our first fee! The pool was in bad shape. The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities.. just knock knock knock. We let em' right in as they started vacuuming. One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon's Bible had crib notes. What a room! Not to mention what the hotel was like! Oh geez. along the way.	67	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hyatt
you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well	68	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Do
Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences. If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia, do not expect any measure of customer service and don't expect great accommodations, even at their high prices. When we arrived our reservation was lost, then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available. The furnishings in the room were cheaply made, the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel's L shaped corridor. I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time. Two hours later someone came. The dining hall and reception areas were really nice, but again, unless you're a large group don't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia. Even if you could, the prices wouldn't be worth it. in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had an amazing view of the city, especially at night. Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds. There was a desk and chair, large bathroom, comfortable chair and reading lamp. There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker, that included Starbucks coffee. We would definitely come back again! and it's real. a 5/5 stars. a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
never write these reviews, but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service, Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet, Lack of Respect, allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints, Phantom charges to room, front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son, and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young, look young in how we dress, but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up, the concierge exclaimed that, "You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?" Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking, comfortable beds, great room service, contemporary, younger crowd, but service was terrible. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel, while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago, incredibly comfortable, very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River, the Loop, Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise, and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4, if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really, in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent, if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything, stay at the Amalfi. I highly recommend!! and the subway.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
stayed at this hotel for a weekend and I thought it was really nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean. The room also had a beautiful view. It had everything you could possibly need. I almost didn't want to leave the room. It was definitly worth the price. I would go back. The clientel was also very helpful. place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
is located 1/2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you're traveling with luggage and/or kids. They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking/valet fees. Rooms feature either double or king sized beds; no queen beds at all. If you want a little extra leg room in your bed, the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff. Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge, too.	69	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hotel
booked directly with the Intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night. After our wedding, we went to the Hotel excited and happy. When we got there, the night changed. We were treated rudely and with no respect. They told us there was "no room" even though we had a confirmation number. Instead of showing any empathy, they told us to go sit down while they figured out "what to do with us". My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown! No apology! No concern! We were given $20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they'd "found" a room. The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night. We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience. This place was supposed to be elegant. We've never been treated so poorly. We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple!!! STEER clear of this place. France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
selected The Talbott for my recent family vacation to Chicago. We chose the hotel for it's close proximity to Navy Pier and otherwise central location. In retrospect, the phrase "location, location, location" apparently does not apply to hotels. It's a good thing the location was so great, because just about everything that happened inside the hotel was bad. Upon our arrival, our room was not ready. The clerk could have been nicer about the whole situation, and told us simply that "we would have to wait" without offering any sort of help with our luggage or a timetable for when our room would be ready. When we finally arrived in the room, the sheets were not clean. A call to housekeeping proved difficult, as I do not speak Spanish. The second day of our trip, housekeeping never showed to clean the room despite the presence of our "please service" sign hung on the door. We stayed in for some room service after a long afternoon on Michigan Ave. When the food finally arrived a full hour after placing our order, it was cold and not very good. Despite these poor impressions, the management was unwilling to compromise on price at checkout. My call to corporate headquarters was answered by a call center in Mumbai. They will not receive my business again. stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
at 1:30am only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel. If you party and stay out all night anyway, this hotel would be fine. But don't plan to get any rest if the club is open! Front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while I was checking in. She was fine with me and gave me a corner room, but sure wouldn't want to be on her bad side.	70	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Arrived
stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel the last time I visited Chicago. I lived in Illinois during college, and as I was on a college budget, most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown. For my visit back, I decided I would treat myself to a nicer stay than I was used to, so I booked a room at the Knickerbocker. Everything looked nice when I got there, but for the price I paid, I was really expecting something far above and beyond what I got. Maybe I wasn't dressed right, or didn't carry the right luggage, but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when I checked in. Shouldn't a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome? When I stayed at the cheap hotels in college, the front desk employees were always friendly when I checked in and out, and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city. Here, I didn't even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because I didn't want to deal with the eye rolling and "too important to be bothered" attitude I got when I checked in. I guess the location was more convenient than the hotels I used to visit, but I really thought that part of the money I was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience. Look, obviously I can afford to stay at your hotel, I already booked and paid for the room. Even if customer service isn't your number one goal, making money should be pretty high up on the list, and making a paying customer feel unwelcome isn't a very good way to secure return business. I doubt I'll stay here again. experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
friend and I visited Amalfi Hotel last week when we were in Chicago and found it to be a great place, very sophisticated and luxurious, with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service. The beds were comfortable. The room service was great as was the gym... I fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room... so beautiful at night... the city scape. And in the morning, the free continental breakfast was delicious. It was a wonderful experience being at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I am eager to visit there again. in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
is the best word to describe the Conrad Chicago hotel. While it may be in downtown Chicago, the room had no view. Although I asked for non-smoking, the room reeked of smoke. The elevators were very slow, and one was not working during my stay. There was a stain on the pillow, and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken. There was a dead bug in the bath tub. I was only given 2 towels for my 4 night stay. My credit card was billed twice, and it took 2 weeks to reverse to extra charge. I do not recommend this hotel at all!	71	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Overpriced
wouldn't know how to begin to write something negative about the Millenium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago. Everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms. With very clean and plush rooms, this is the place to stay! When you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning, there is plenty to do around the town. Take a shopping spree down Michigan Ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around. Whatever you decide to do, you can't go wrong. This place is wonderful! at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
here for one night in June, but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view, as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby, very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago. friends and family. room sevice menu. Would stay again! out of twenties. was the best stay here again!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all. at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree. options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience. The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location, yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to. We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have, but it was elegantly appointed, spacious, and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front, to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions, and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out. The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel, this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good, but not great. I mentioned almost flawless, as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating, as the hotel actively encourages its use. However, Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied, following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly. Overall, we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits. a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
staff at the Talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when I told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding, dong, ditch. The sheets smelled funny when I arrived and were only changed 6 times during my two-week stay. The room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap, but I did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room. recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
Conrad Chicago hotel had some of the worst service I have ever dealt with. I got the Executive Room with a king size bed. When I got in, the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud. I called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me. They have a pillow menu which I tried to select from but they were out of over half of them. The Ipod dock was not working either. Also, the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm. This hotel is the worst in Chicago and I would never recommend going there! stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!) a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
HO HI HO, off to Chicago we go. Here's the skinny, if you're hoping to run into a washed up rock star (CeCe Deville for us, and no the teenagers had no idea who he was) you may want to spend your hard earned money here. I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends (teenagers) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin. I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance. I mean come on it is supposed to be "COOL". Well it wasn't. The Positives: *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building, which is beautiful. *The location: it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use. *The fitness center is very nice. Cardio machines have individual TV's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours. They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack. *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous. The Negatives: *The rooms were small and ours wasn't clean (pistachio shells on the floor). The rooms were painted purplish gray (we were on the Prince floor) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls. The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows. *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub. *The cable reception was poor; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture. *It isn't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe. *There was very little memorabilia. *There is no pool, and yes I knew this when I made the reservation. To wrap it up, I won't be staying here again. If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room, I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton. But that is a whole different review.	72	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	HI
recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago illinois, while the hotel was nice please take my advice and do not stay here. I payed cash for the room and handed over my credit card for incedentals ($50.00) the next day my debit card was charged $200 clearly this had to be a mistake...i called the hotel manager who was the rudest person i have ever spoken with about the charge and was told that it was my fault i paid cash and that i could give him my bank account, routing, SS # and authorization code and he could call my bank and take care of it. Clearly i am smart enough not to give this information to anyone yet alone someone who had already taken more then should have been charged. I then called corporate to complain and let them know about the situation the only thing corporate could tell me is that they had already credited my account and that they were sorry and it was clearly my mistake. I then questioned them about the manager asking for all my information if they had already credited my account and they told me they didnt have an answer for me. So for your bank accounts sake do not stay here they are many other options in chicago and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs! Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion, and I really enjoy everything thing about it and I also have many different reasons why I like this hotel. From the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms, everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has. I completely am astonished by this building and if I had to pick one to compare with this one I really would go for this one. It's like a person would have to see it to believe. It has a lot of modern designs. Thank you and this is my review and it's real. a 5/5 stars. a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising. Gorgeous chairs, staff at the desk focusing on their job, and a clean, well decorated hotel room. Much to my, and my wallet's dismay I found quite the opposite. I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed, and found the clerk reading a magazine. It must have been a fascinating article, as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation, or would be making one. I said I had one, and gave him the voucher I'd printed out. He checked it, and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out, he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night. I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep. The clerk offered to walk me to my room, saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep. I accepted, and followed him to my new room. He carried the briefcase I had with me, but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free. He ushered me into my room, setting the briefcase down inside, and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything. I thanked him and closed the door. It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying. What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6" apart, covered in ruffled blankets and sheets. The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently. A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap, not even the complementary ones were left behind. I got ready for bed, and looked around for the TV remote, which it turned out, had no batteries in it. Instead, I just turned out the lights and rolled over, sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option. In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out. I'd had enough of the hotel after one night. The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill. $240 for my room, and an extra $80 with a note about a baggage service. I asked her about it, and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service. I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up, and riding the elevator, and she said it was unusual, but not unheard of. She offered to change it to a "mere" $20 and handed me a slip with a phone number, name, and reason for the disagreement, saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it. I did so, and left, my wallet $260 lighter, and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep. not others available. whenever we wanted. hotel two stars.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
stay at the Amalfi was a very brief one. I booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews I saw here on Trip Advisor. When I arrived, I sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk. I felt like I stepped into an episode of the Twilight Zone. The room was very small and dark. Then the Internet wasn't working. I wasn't informed about this on my check in and couldn't be given a time frame when it would be back up. I walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking, gathered up my belongings and went there. If you're one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels, you'll lurve this place. But if you like a hotel with lights on, working internet and a good view and real breakfast, go someplace else. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
stay was quick but awesome. After a long day, seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner, but then i saw the self-serve kiosks. i was checked in with keys in hand in under 3 minutes. in the morning i was able to check out on the TV in my room. the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its 1927 origins. The bed was FABULOUSLY comfortable. i wish i could live there. they have many rooms wtih 2 bathrooms. i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn't know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms. talk about squeals of delight. that was about 7 years ago in virginia beach. i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms, but it's the first time i've seen this since. what a great feature! but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at several different hotels in Chicago but The James is the best. Everything I need is in walking distance and I find it very convenient to stay there. The staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly. The room has always been very clean. The bed linens are better that the nice sheets I have on my own bed. Thankfully I don't have to search around for somewhere to stay when I travel there as I've found my favorite.	73	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I've
a wedding in Chicago; Sofitel is new, humming, very very modern (W hotel style - minimalist) and a great location. However, I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel. We checked in at 7 PM and our room wasn't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me!!! I had to wait in the hallway .... On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still wasn't made up. The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room. Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one....I gave up...This is a hot, youth hotel but for my next visit, I think I'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping, a somewhat larger room that you can walk around, and a less trendy, hot, loud clientele. I'm over 40.	74	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Attended
first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.	75	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	At
My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again	76	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Me,
recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable. My visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn't locate my reservation. I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn't find me "in the system". We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over. That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations. The room that I had originally reserved (King) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room. I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service. It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive. When finally delivered, it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it. So now I am cranky, tired and starving! I ate what I could from the mini bar (poor selection of items) and went to bed. The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it, as if someone had smoked in it. The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms. The woman at the front desk couldn't be bothered with me and didn't try to make things right in any way. I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago. I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again. at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family. room sevice menu. Would stay again! out of twenties. was the best stay here again!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel. I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel. Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel. From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty. This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars. You can be sure, I will absolutely be back in the future. recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down. I was expecting a truly spectacular experience. On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel. Well, my family's bad experience started right when we walked in the door. It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else, and the man at the front desk was extremely rude. We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us. The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren't already in the room. The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym. All in all, I feel that we paid way too much for what we got. Next time I will look to stay somewhere else. in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend. It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile, right near the Chicago River and the NBC building. We had a double room in the main tower. The room was very clean and updated. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access. Also, parking is high ($45 valet/day). Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel. We paid $90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price. won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty. Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
has been one of the most pleasurable hotels Ive ever stayed at. From the beautiful concourse to the amazing food, Amalfi really exceeds its standards. The in-room spa service was so relaxing and the tang of the wine was incredible. I highly recommend this hotel as I will give my stay a 5/5 stars. a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
location is amazing, right across from Nordstrom's on Michigan Avenue. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are clean. But... We are Intercontinental Ambassadors (the rewards club) and to get to the Ambassador suite level, we have to ride a private "express" elevator. The elevator took three minutes to get to the thirtieth floor. When we checked in, the person behind the counter was rude and acted as if we were lucky to get checked-in. Also, there was a language barrier becuase she was Russian. The pool and spa were both beautiful, but we had to pay an extra fee because of "upkeep". If you want a nice hotel all the way around...go to the Omni. appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump! discount. Never again.	77	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I've
is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great "small" hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin. The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us. The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect. Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there. We will stay there again.	78	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Chicago
and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features. We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco. We decided to stay for 3 nights. When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights. The staff was upstiff, and didn't not offer much hospitality. Our room did have a view, but of the city lights and kept our room bright, even with the curtains closed. The beds appeared soft, but did not offer much comfort. For what we paid, we expected more.	79	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Me
stay was absolutely perfect. its a cool hotel to look at, the design and feel is very trendy and hip. all the staff are terrific, especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude. our room was on the top floor, with great views. super comfy bed, and neat bathroom. fantastic, choose this with no hesitation!	80	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	our
family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience. That was the farthest thing from the truth. The staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff. Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over. So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room. As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest. My wife went to the bathroom, and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor. That was just the beginning of our bad stay. After being in the room for about 30 minutes, there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police. There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched. There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched. Come to find out after video surveillance, the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana. Needless to say, our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place. shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel. worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny. at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price" This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby. I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin, Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. I was extremely disappointed. I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name. Pros: Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location: Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $60 for two people, service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo, one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days, I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel. and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct. I would not stay at this hotel again, It just is not worth the premium price they charge.	81	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	"
stayed in a Deluxe King Suite. No desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals. The only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table (!) and canted forward. Incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer. Since my room was configured like all the other Deluxe King Suites depicted in on line photos, I have to assume this design flaw with the couch/futon runs throughout the property. Bed was fine and bath was fine but I can't imagine why business travelers would rate this property well. The couch/futon seating is the worst I've encountered in a modern hotel. to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service. We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special. The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked, trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area. We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20) The rooms were clean, the concierge & reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time. room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area.	82	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	After
Chicago it was 5:00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC/heater unit and it was good. Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect! The room was a perfect 68 degrees. I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was... perfect! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I didn't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great. I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I don't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much. Then came dinner time perfect. I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i'm going to miss that hotel 10/10!	83	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Conrad
really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton. We were in Chicago for a weekend stay, and wanted something close to State Street, and convenient to the theatre district and the museums, and Michigan Ave. shopping. This is a grand old hotel, with just about every amenity one could wish for. The lobby is fabulous, and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . Our room had a nice king sized bed, and was pretty cozy. Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a "grand hotel" type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago. You will definitely feel special. come back again.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel. It is on the more expensive side, but it is all worth it. I got the Talbott tradition package, which was $245 for two people and included a $30 breakfast credit on check out day. The rooms are huge! The beds are soft and comfortable. They include Aveda bath products, which is a plus in my book. They also have a nice fitness area & pool you can use while you stay there. One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone. My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system. The location of this hotel is very convenient as well, its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast. But, what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to. They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed. Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel! traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable; it has a very modern feel. The rooms were very well designed, and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means. The pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable. stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.	84	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Sofitel
Chicago; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised. I didn't want stay in this hotel, but my wife insisted. Ok, so when I booked the ticket, it cost me $299 for one room. $299! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point! The room was stylish though, it looked nice. There was a TV, and the beds were fine. Although I couldn't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer. Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer? What were they thinking!? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected. I mean the food available there wasn't very tasty at all. I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet, but they had no computer, only wifi. That's like only having bread, without any fillings to make it into a sandwich!	85	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	James
really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day! recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave.	86	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Swissotel
wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back. I had a conference in the Windy City, and my wife decided she'd come along to do some shopping. First off let me say, typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get, i'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed. That said, this place was terrible. The room had a slight odor to it, kind of a fishy smell. The people at the front desk were rude to us. And I found a soiled pair of women's panties under the bed. Gross! Not to mention that once we got home, we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we're worried we brought bedbugs home with us! If I could take this trip back I would. What a terrible place. Shame on you Conrad Hilton, shame on you! staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel. would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
wife and I stayed at the allegro this weekend while I was on a business trip. I was very impressed with their hospitality and my wife very much(maybe too much) enjoyed the in-house spa. Rooms service was a bit slow but, overall great hotel would stay again. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
visited Chicago with my two teenage daughters. Homewood Suites is amazing. The complimentary breakfast and receptions offer so much variety. The hotel was within walking distance to many places to eat and shop. We got caught in a thunderstorm, and got soaking wet. I dried all our clothes in the dryer right in the hotel! The Homewood Suites was so much like home. The suite was very spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel had lots of brochures and suggestions for dining and activities. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Chicago is an amazing place and the Homewood Suites is the place to stay. I would definitely stay there again. stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
just enjoyed a 3-day weekend at the Swissotel Chicago. A friend of mine booked it and got a GREAT rate. Cheaper than even a fleabag motel. So keep an eye out for specials. The view was great, the location was prime. The staff was helpful. The room was large (we had 2 double beds). I only have one complaint. Our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees (I think) would sneak off to talk on the phone. The sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day. Fortunately, the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn't like it kept us up at night. It was just a little weird. Overall, a great stay and I will definitely stay there again. would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
views and awesome service! My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel in Chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college. We have been to Chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before. First off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing. So beautiful! The views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless. The fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference. From the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area, everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the Chicago Skyline. We took advantage of the Executive Club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the Palm restaurant. Delicious food! We will definitely stay at the Swissotel the next time we visit Chicago.	87	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Beautiful
decided to spend the extra money booking a room at the Monaco because of the website's pictures of the beautiful rooms and views. It was a waste of cash, to say the least. Although I had requested a room with a view of the city, they must have given me the worst room in the place. Maid service skipped over my room on my second day there, and I had to call for towels at least twice before someone finally came to my room. The food was outrageously expensive and not even lukewarm. Two-star hotel quality. to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at the millennium Knickerbocker for 3 nights while on a business trip, as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office I was visiting, and just about everything else for that matter. The lobby was absolutely beautiful, and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms were elegant and spacious, and I instantly felt right at home. The large flat screen TV as a nice touch and TV options were many. I headed downstairs to the bar for a drink, and was amazed at how well kept it was, as well as how nice everybody was. As this was my first time I asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out. All in all this was a great experience, and next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be staying here. I'd recommend the Millennium Knickerbocker to anyone traveling to Chicago. hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!! I would have certainly expected more from the Hilton, especially due to the price I paid for my room and the way the hotel is portrayed. Upon arriving at the hotel I found only one receptionist working and she was too busy texting on her mobile phone to check me in! I had to wait 15 mins before checking in and she made me feel like I was inconveniencing her! When I finally got into my room I was appalled. I had a non smoking reservation and the room stank of smoke and there were several visible cigarette burns in the comforter and the carpet. I called down to reception and to confirm that I was in a non smoking room, which I was advised that I was. I had to argue with the receptionist over the room for 10 mins before she agreed to switch my room for another one. One I entered my new room, I found that once again it stank of smoke, but after being too exhausted from my flight I decided that I would sort it out with reception in the morning. BAD IDEA! I curled up and went to sleep and awoke to the go to the bathroom around 2am where I noticed my legs were COVERED in red welts! I immediately rushed back into the bedroom and through back the covers to find my bed teaming with bed bugs. I packed my stuff and checked out that night, however a refund was refused. I have since contacted the head office and I am awaiting a response. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	88	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	DO
Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel. It was meticulously clean, very orderly, but still perfectly warm and comforting. The rooms are very big and spacious, and the beds are so soft, it's like heaven! I didn't test out the room service, but I'm sure it would be just like everything else... perfect!The hotel staff are just so nice. There was a spectacular view from my room, and looking out over the city at night is so magical. There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel, and I especially recommend Shula's Steak House. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel, and I would definitely stay there again! my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency. 'Hyatt Regency Chicago' has ruined our family holiday weekend. First of all, if you are not a diamond or platinum member, you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance. You have to pay extra $20 for the welcome credit option. They will give you a credit of $75 for the 2 days. We only used $20 and the rest was forefeited. I talked to the manager and he said we can't use it on our next visit. The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people. When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free, Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi. Beware of this place, if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago, Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying. Thanks Sam. stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
ins went smoothly. But be advised.... Walls are super thin, the building is old and the rooms are very very very small. The downside of them allowing pets was that we could hear the poor dog barking in the morning probably because it needed to go out. For the price it wasn't bad. It was walking distance to most major attractions. Overall ... it's ok at best. Another plus is the CTA is close by.	89	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Check
husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt's funeral. We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town. We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one, but sadly, it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had. Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms, but when we entered our king suite a very strong, musty smell greeted us on the other side. At first I thought I was just being sensitive, but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved. The smell was too overwhelming. The front desk said they would be happy to move us, but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds, rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved. While this was not exactly what we wanted, we didn't really have a choice to refuse. After transfering to the new room and getting settled, we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work. While this did not bother my husband too much, I was very annoyed, as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer, curling iron, etc. I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again, so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed. They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom, so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels, BOTH DAYS we were there! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests. For what we paid to stay at this hotel, we were not impressed at all. The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par. If you are ever in Chicago, do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago. Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action, allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown's famous for. The room was comfy, with two queen mattresses, down stuffed duvets and chic decor. The bar downstairs was a bit pricey, but made up for it by being comfortable, sleek, and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails. One night we didn't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes, which had an amazing array of choices, mostly of the French persuasion. I would definitely book here again!	90	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Couldn't
visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and, instead of helping, a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us. They had trouble locating our reservation. Our room was tiny! When I'm paying over $400 a night for a room, I expect to be able to walk around in it! The beds were also tiny. The walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door. This hotel was probably once beautiful and classy, but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs. Won't be staying here again.	91	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Our
hotel is in a good location. It is very contemporary in decoration. Beautiful flowers in lobby. The room service was very good. Concierge services were also very good. We were treated well. The shower water pressure was very poor. Also, at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us, which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid. It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel. Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food. read more of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
hotel has a good name and a good location in Chicago. Unfortunately I was very unsatisfied with this hotel. This is a luxury hotel, so you are paying luxury prices. So, I expect to get my money's worth. Unfortunately that was not the case at the InterContinental. Firstly, my room was surprisingly small and unclean and could probably use a renovation and an upgrade in the furniture. Again, this is supposed to be a luxury hotel, and it's expensive. I shouldn't be worried about why the carpet and other parts of the room seem dirty. I also had trouble getting the room to the temperature I wanted. I'm not sure if there was just a problem with the air condition in my room or if it's a problem in the whole hotel. The building is old and I suppose it has a lot of problems from being old. Secondly, I was disappointed with the quality of the service from the hotel's staff. I thought they were somewhat rude and inattentive. Thirdly, this hotel has a lot of additional expenses. I felt like they wanted to overcharge me every chance they got (use of the fitness amenities, internet, etc). When I'm already paying so much for a hotel room, I get very irritated when I feel I'm being nickel-and-dimed every chance they get. This hotel has a nice looking building, and again, it's in a terrific location. But I really don't think it's worth the expense. There are so many other hotels in Chicago to choose from that are so much better. the Conrad Chicago.	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit. was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
stayed in standard hotels before, when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least. After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing. We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection. The room was spacious had robes and slippers, a stocked mini-bar, The mattress was comfy, and the whole room was clean. The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife. In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds. Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping, my wife was in heaven however, and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards. The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago.	93	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	having
(taking a cue from david dancer): 'sup? front desk person: yes? me: so, do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room? front desk person: what room are you in? me: **** front desk person: oh. ...i'm afraid so. OR, you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor. me: oh? wtf! so, we're staying at this hotel, and there is a bar on the 29th floor, but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room? get bent! we're paying to stay here, not just drinking in your bar!	94	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	me
experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour. I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm. When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding. When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom. After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period. I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access. Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon. worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice. my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star)	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
room was very pretty, and the location is great, but the hotel is so big and they don't have the staff to take care of everything. The heating in our room was loud, making it difficult to sleep. The gym is not big enough, and the hotel parking garage is very expensive. The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in. We didn't get great service at the hotel bar, and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area. Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at, and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there. The next morning, the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room. either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+	95	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Me
a wonderful experience, super great, helpful, friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice, make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again. THANKS AGAIN is great too!	96	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	What
stayed at ICH Chicago for business in November of 2006 and loved it. As a Royal Ambassador member, they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and 2 bathrooms! My upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table. They even had a nice young lady escort me to my room. The suite was beautifully furnished and had an Art Deco feel to it. The only thing I regretted was that I only stayed one night. I will definitely stay here on my next visit. in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star)	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
hotel is trading on the Hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing. Although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this. It was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood, The breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded. All in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a 14 day tour of Canada and the USA. Would not stay there again. the Omni Hotel. stay here again. Rock on, TripStarr do the same. from now on.... an outside door.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
is one of my favorite Sheratons/Starwood properties. I have stayed at a lot of hotels (mostly Starwood) in Chi but all around, this is my favorite based on cost, amenities and downtown location. I really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because I am greeted by Nick who has been there for years. He gives the best greeting from LA to NY and is always happy! He obviously loves his job. People at the front desk are always nice and efficient. If you like to workout, Roberta runs their fitness center. Another one who loves their job and serves guests well. Great lake / river view while working out. On this particular trip I was caught in a pinch; however, Christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest. I considered it a "minor miracle" based on hotel availability. The maids on 29th floor were very friendly and efficient. Another great experience. here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
a little late, but... My husband & I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website. We were totally WOWED!! Loved the location, the room, the Aveda bath products, but most of all loved the evening reception & breakfast on our floor. I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi. It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased! Will stay next time I'm in Chicago too!! P.S. They honor a government rate!!!!	97	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Review's
I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park, the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband. However, the hotel choice wasn't the best. Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation. The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room, which was much smaller than the original one. The hotel did give us a discount, but if I'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it. A hotel with this name shouldn't put its guests in these kind of situation. I wont be reserving room there again.	98	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Whenever
If you are traveling to Chicago and need a place to stay, I highly recommend the Hotel Allegro Chicago. It was visiting time visiting Chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the Hotel Allegro. He said they were pet friendly,which was a huge plus. This is because I hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time I travel for business. Upon my arrival, I was met with friendly valet who treated me like I was the only customer who mattered. I walked in and saw a hotel like no other I have seen before or after. The lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place I could relax in. After I had entered and checked in, I saw the staircase, which looked like a testament to the staircase in the "Titanic". Frankly, I was amazed and I had not even entered my room yet. My room was a Queen Deluxe room and it was amazing. The bed had a blue headboard,which I have never seen before, and the colors worked together so well I seriously contemplated living there. The room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food I ordered. Later I wanted to get a drink and I enjoyed it at The Bar 312, which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel. These are the specifics of my stay, but there is much more to be experienced that I did not mention if you visit the Hotel Allegro. In summary, they allow pets, the service is amazing, the decoration superb, and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments. What more could a person ask for?	47	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	
was initially very excited to be staying at the Ambassador East hotel. The photos online appeared very classy and upscale and I thought staying there would be a pleasant experience. Upon arrival I was very disappointed - the main lobby was closed for construction making it somewhat difficult to get around. Our room was very dated - old furnishings and linens, damaged tile - it fell quite short for the high price we paid. It is an older building with very thin walls allowing you to clearly hear all other guests in surrounding rooms and also the lovely slam of doors of departing guests in the morning. Doorways are extremely narrow in hallways and room - gives a very claustrophobic feel to the hotel. pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Hilton Chicago was amazing!! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer! We could walk to Lake Michigan, Grant Park, Niketown, Watertower place, etc. The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day. Also, they allow pets!! You don't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there! Overall experience was an A++. a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times. a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
is always interesting going to a high quality Hotel. I cannot help but think about the service and the value. Maybe I have too high expectations. Certaintly the location is great and the swimming pool is really nice and the room was generally well appointed oh and the bed was great. But, the room was not well cleaned, a little smelly truthfully and they stole a watch that I left in the room. The hotel where immediately worried about there financial situation and not the service. I noticed here others on this site have lost stuff from this hotel. I know that this is always a possibility but really did not expect it at a hotel like this. Overall, Chicago exceeded my expectations but the intercontinental did not. Stay else where.	99	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	It
location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay. Definitly would return. the magnificant mile.	100	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Great
stayed here for business and loved it. Got it for $93 inc tax on Priceline, an incredible deal for this hotel. If I wasn't on priceline I would expect to pay $200 per night (maybe more) for this location/level of service. It's in the heart of downtown Chicago, walkable to many locations. The lobby is very impressive, the room was very nice. No complaints at all, from check-in to check-out. I was alone so didn't go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves. It was full of people all the time. I want to stay here when I come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city. very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star)	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge, including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location, and is connected to a mall, which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay here for sure. again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but wasn't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high. We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was fine when I walked in. But about five minutes or so I was all congested. Thought it might have been from the flight. I then noticed there was dust everywhere. The TV, the Minibar, and worst of all the air vent. It was literally hanging off the vent. I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up. After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things. A bathroom door that wouldn't close, broken light fixtures, a toe or fingernail on the bed. broken bathroom fixtures. This place was a dump. Hopefully the pictures will show some of it. I could go on and on. Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room, Both he and head of housekeeping were "shocked" at the room. We were moved to another room, not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked, or so I was told. I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed. But this will be the last time. Sad to say. The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay, but doesn't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection. in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Talbott Hotel claims to be Chicago's Premiere Small Luxury Hotel. After staying there and experiencing the service, environment, and the hotel in general, I can say with confidence that this just isn't true. I arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and I was immediately disappointed. No one came to my car to collect my bags and I was forced to lug them inside myself. The doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me, leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags. Once inside, the atmosphere was not what I expected. The lighting was poor, leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building. The carpet looked dirty, as if it hadn't been vacuumed or washed in quite some time, and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage. When I arrived at the front desk, I was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me. After checking in I went up to my room and was once again disappointed. The bed was very uncomfortable and I ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water. That night I ordered room service. The food took 45 minutes to get to my room, and when it finally arrived it was cold. The fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends, and probably not to my enemies either. Stay away! and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also, they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise, go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one. I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care, even when I told them I'd write a review on this website. Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it! and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago, revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only. Although the rooms and public areas look nice, the hotel still needs serious work. Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke. We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free. We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted. The new room was better at first glance, but was severely lacking. We could not get the temperature properly regulated. The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay. In a hotel commanding the rates of the James, we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted, not something which is a constant battle. Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable. When the rooms were updated, the James skipped new mattresses. Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can't get out of--when you lie down, you sort of sink into a hole. This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury' hotel. Last, but not least, we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay. In spite of the calming decor, the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night's sleep. All in all, we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location. You will be happier almost anywhere else. to any one. a better price.	101	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	A
you are ever going to visit Chicago and need a place to stay I recommend this hotel. This hotel made my stay in Chicago one that I will always remember. The rooms were very big and luxurious, everybody was friendly and showed a fabulous display of customer service. The room service always got there when they said it would and it was nice because it was 24 hours so I could get anything whenever I wanted. The price of this hotel for my stay was unbeatable especially because I got great service and I saved a lot compared to the rates of other hotels in the area and their two restaurants were exquisite. If you are ever going to be in the Chicago area and need a hotel to stay in I recommend this hotel! this great Hotel.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
hotel definitely doesn't match its 4.5 rating. The receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest, and I don't feel welcome at all. I booked a non-smoking room, but upon arrival, the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left. Of course he was lying. I argued with him for 5 minutes, before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room. At checkout, they tried to charge me $40 upgrade fee each day, because I requested a non-smoking room. This was completely ridiculous. I had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges. The room was quite small, the TV was broken, so I had to call someone to fix the TV. Then the wireless network banned my IP address, so I had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- I guess this was the only bright point of the stay. stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel. Unfortunately, the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings. The front desk staff was rude, the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door. There are three elevators but good luck with them all working. They are very very small and when only one is up and running...you end up waiting a long time for one. Not fun when you are on the 12th floor. The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all...the room felt damp and miserable. We put the thermostat as low as it would let us (65) and the room never went below 78. (and it was 107 outside the whole trip!!!). There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant. Internet is not free either... Overall, I would never stay here again. waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
recently stayed in the Talbott Hotel in Chicago with my family of three. I absolutely loved it and will definitely return! The customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic. They were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay. For the nights we didn't want to go out, we had room service. The food from the Hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick. I also loved their commitment to the environment. It is clear to me why they have won so many awards. Thank you Talbott for a wonderful stay! or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected, and that was my reason for booking a room. I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past, and I was quite pleased when I did stay. The room was neat and clean, and the halls were quiet at night. The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either. I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely, which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy, especially at night. Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time. of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used? what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto). i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her. shame on us, actually!	103	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Do
is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality .	104	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	this
all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment. access in general.	105	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	For
Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel. I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer. The staff is so nice and helpful. They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have. The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home. In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection. Did I say IN the room? I didn't even have to leave or order something on the television. It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me. While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage. Yes...ordered. They came to my room and I didn't even have to leave. Very comfy! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you're staying at hotels and I'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded. I'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area. I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just didn't want to leave! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars. weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much! anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago. plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
booked the Amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in Chicago. The hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location. However, when i booked the hotel I was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only $10 more. That was great until I checked in. The corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley. During the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley. It would seem that this is a place for them to congregate. On top of this, the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between 5 and 6 am in the morning. The noise was crazy loud. I think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful. are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
you do, do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I made that mistake, and it was terrible! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job. Our room was only "cleaned" twice in a week's stay, and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it. They didn't even empty the trash cans! As for the "in-suite" kitchen, it was awful. We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room, but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty, greasy microwave? It seemed a better idea to eat out, and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food. I didn't hear good things about their breakfast offerings, anyways. If I were you, I'd avoid this place like the plague. I know I'm certainly never going back!	106	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Whatever
traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness. The service truly is incredible. They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after. The rooms really rock (pardon the pun). Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets. The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out, but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better. I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets. Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.	105	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	For
entering Homewood Suites, I was greeted by incredibly friendly staff and my breath was taken by the beauty of the hotel. When I saw my room, I was immediately relieved because it provided all of the amenities needed for my week-long business stay (refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishwasher, flat panel TV). Best of all, the hotel has an on-site fitness center where I was able to work off all of the extra calories I consumed during the delicious complimentary breakfast. I couldn't resist their omelettes! The hotel is in the heart of Chicago and I must say, the city view from my room was priceless. Definitely recommended! the fantastic amenities. staying here again!	44	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Upon
planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago. Our fun time was not exactly that. Upon arriving for our weekend getaway, we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite, did not mean a thing. Apparently, there were none of the kids suites available. The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room: coloring, video games, etc. No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available. Whatever. So, we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available. Guess what? We spent the whole weekend in the same room. Yes, the staff apologized, but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it. Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean. We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel, but I will not be booking a room here again. The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all.	18	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	We
Chicago Palmer House disappointed me. I chose it because it a Hilton hotel, but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name. My first impression was a negative one when I was greeted by a rather rude staff. My room might have been luxurious years ago, but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening. The bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible. The food served by the room service and at the hotel's restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus, and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine. The food simply did not deliver its promises. Everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small. The location of the hotel might seem like an advantage, since it is in downtown Chicago nearby many touristic attractions: however, the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by. Overall, this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the Hilton name and price range. not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
want everyone to know about the awful experience I had at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. When we arrived at the hotel, the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system (I had called earlier in the day and confirmed it). After speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked. We later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically. I believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money. I for one won't be going back to this hotel! the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at Amalfi for 2 nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more. It's a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it's just not worth the money. It does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast. The sheets though, made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things. The breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt. Otherwise, it's just an early morning sugar attach of muffins, danishes, sweet breads, and croissants. There are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety, if you are into that sort of thing. Also, the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room. The problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time, alternating between cold and warm, right over the bed. There is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale. They do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free. The problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there. One person at a time... All and all, we will not stay there again. If we feel like luxury, we have to find some other place. But if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city, maybe we will try Red Roof Inn or something like that. At least we'll know what we are paying for. this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
stayed in this hotel for 5 days in November together with my colleagues. Internet only wired available for 20 additional dollars a day. No fridge or microwave included in the price. Our room had two too soft full size beds. In the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall. Who doesnt believe it, check out the 16th floor close to room 212. With discount we paid more than 300 dollars a night which is ridiculous. I stayed in the Hyatt Regency before for much cheaper and that was way better. The restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty, but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served. please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby. the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed in the IC chicago for 6 nights from 26th Dec after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We werent disappointed. We had 2 rooms opposite each other in the Historic tower. The rooms were spacious and very clean with good views towards the river and tribune building. We got a good rate on the rooms but did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive as was the Wifi at $17 per day. As the hotel is on the Magnificent mile there are plenty of place to eat including for breakfast. The starbucks in the lobby was a hit with the kids - very handy. I would definitely recommend the hotel. again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu. Would stay again! out of twenties. was the best stay here again! good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
disappointment to say the least. I have heard rave after rave about Hotel Allegro and was super excited when our brother-in-law gave us an American Express gift card that we decided to use for a night out! I called Hotel Allegro and made the reservation for a Saturday night. The person who took the reservation was very sweet and assured me that there would be no problem using the gift card, since they do indeed take American Express. I couldn't wait to get there! We arrive at Hotel Allegro at about 3:00 on Saturday afternoon. Me, the tourist, I am already taking pics of the sign out front and trying to get a sneek peak of the ballroom set up for a wedding. We get in the line to check in. I give them the gift card and my check card. They tell me that neither one will work because they are charging the cards for not only the room rate, but for incidentals as well. We give them a credit card instead. While in line checking in, we hear complaint after complaint from other guests and I start to wonder what our experience is going to be like. The guy at the front desk is on the radio with the bell-man. Someone's luggage has been lost. He desk clerk snaps at the bell-man for the entire line to see. Not impressed. We get to our little shoebox of a room that I was so disappointed to see. The rooms on the website looked glorious! My bedroom at home is nicer than this tiny room. The sink is too small - water splashes everywhere even as evident by the water all over the floor when we got into our room. Yuck. We stay the night and go to check out in the morning. Again, I give them the American Express gift card. The clerk says "their system usually doesn't take them". I tell him that I called to confirm that their system would take it on Friday. He swipes the card and bam! it works! What do you know?? He was so rude. I will not stay at Hotel Allegro again, nor would I recommend it to anyone. Such a disappointment!	107	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	A
had reservations (guaranteed by credit card) for 2 nights this past weekend. When we checked in the clerk told us that they could not accommodate us for both nights because they were overbooked due to a conference in town. I asked them to relocate us for both nights so that we would not have to move in the morning. They sent us over to another location that they assured could accommodate us. The night manager gave us the address to a different hotel and sent us on our way. Eventually we arrived at the correct second hotel where the staff were expecting a letter from the Sheraton for the transfer - something we were never given. Eventually we checked into this second property and the next afternoon when our keys didn't work we found out that the night manager of the Sheraton had not assured that we could stay both nights at the second hotel. So once again we had no place to stay despite having a guaranteed reservation with the Sheraton. In addition to all of this, we had to pay $24 for parking at the Sheraton to find out that they would not accommodate us despite a guaranteed reservation. I am still shocked by this bad experience. about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
husband and I stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it. It is so conveniently located close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. It was definitely worth every penny! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.	108	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Had
Regency Chicago seemed like a nice place to stay, but we didn't like it very much. The renovations were cheap and poorly done (our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it.) The staff was RUDE! I was trying to find a good cab service, and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for 20 minutes while he was finishing a phone call! Couldn't he have at least called someone else to help me? The "Babies Travel Lite" gave us the wrong sized diapers, so we had to go find some anyway, and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way.	67	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hyatt
hotel. went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time. The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at. Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery. Great staff and wonderfull food as well, i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.	109	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	great
had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago. When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be. The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there. When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot. The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot, muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room. I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down. Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel, I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese, at $14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten. When it finally arrived, more than an hour later, it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which, needless to say was also cold. For the quality of the food, $14 was way too much to pay for this meal. After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks. The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve. Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks. We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well. Finally we got our drinks, we all ordered a French Martini. We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered, it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very, very tart. At $14 each you would think it would be made to perfection, far from it. The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have. After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel! any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating. after the remodelling	110	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Excellent
was attending a training conference in Chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held. I booked 4 nights at the Intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location (an easy walk to the conference). From the lobby to the rooms, this hotel lives up to it's storied reputation. (The indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a Busby Berkeley movie!) And even tho' I was there for a conference, the hotel's location on the Mag Mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters, made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price. seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation. All I can say is WOW! A fantastic experience all around. First off, the hotel is magnificent, the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least. Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks, to the cleaning staff, to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly. The rooms themselves are fantastic, perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation. The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours. As usual, it had wifi, which was ultra cheap and very very fast. Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton! not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed three nights recently at the Hilton Homewood Suites- Downtown Chicago. Overall I can't rate this establishment highly. The person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over 10 minutes even to find my reservation. Once I finally got my key, the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me. It didn't get any better when I got to my suite. The bed was poorly made, and I found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows. The room was very stuffy, and I swear might have even had a vague pet smell. My shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door,and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip. Also, the carpets didn't seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable. I also visited their small gym/workout area and was disappointed there also. It had limited equipment that was in poor repair. The floor in there was even slippery, which made it a definite trip hazard. While the indoor pool looked good, as I dipped into it, the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell. All in all, the amenities, the unfriendly service, and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one I would definitely not recommend to anyone. When that is paired with their sky high room rates, it's just not a place that should earn any repeat guests. experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
was a weekend trip for my friends and I. We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way. Our rooms were right next to one another as requested. As it was almost everyone's first time to Chicago, we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel. And, our choice was next to perfect. I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel. The customer service was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm, and delicious. My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too. In another of our rooms, housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock. The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store. Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too. An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall. Therefore, you don't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes, a coffee, or a some other type of trinket. I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation. late every morning! worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
entrance and room was spacious and modern, yet elegant. It was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of Chicago. The drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds. Indeed, it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots. to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
is a review of a first class hotel the InterContinental Chicago. It's located on Chicago's famous magnificent mile near restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and historic landmarks. The service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable. The hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool, fine dining, a 24 hour business center, and valet parking. This is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in Chicago a joy. They offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available. Visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour. and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!! touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace, but the staff was polite, helpful, and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago, the concierge, Les, offered to get us tickets, directions, reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room, and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering, the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning! worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
Omni Chicago Hotel is amazing little get away right on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. This hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities! The beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms (at least both times I have stayed). The Windy City Spa provides a relaxing getaway as well.The indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent. The garage was very secure and has unlimited in/out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty. All in all, well worth it and will plan to stay again! has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all. four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state, punching in your floor is ridiculous. On the other hand, technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators (but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me, why change)? In any case, I want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems... SOOOOO disappointed. Hopefully I don't get bug bitten this time (checked under the sheets). Sadly, due to my company's deal, I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh*...but so far they are batting 1 star.... -------------- Oh boy, it must be my luck...or rather this hotel is just run down. I had to swap room FOUR TIMES. And that's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay. My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms. They gave me the key to the 2nd room, which happened to be occupied. Luckily the occupants had their security latch on, so there wasn't any embarrassing moment. My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today (just now) I had to move because of water leakage (above my room and below my room). BOY, talk about an awful hotel (or my just awful luck???? Maybe it's karma since I wrote a bad review last year, and continue to write one...but it's the TRUTH). Oh, also last year may not have been bed bugs. I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg. Perhaps it is something in the sheets...or the air/HVAC.... in any case, despite the decent staff, it is a ONE at best (0 for hotel, 1 for the still nice service--since it's not their fault....) All I can say is ...THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON"T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR, or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!	111	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Swissotel
Palmer House Hilton, while it looks good in pictures, and the outside, is actually a disaster of a hotel. When I went through, the lobby was dirty, my room hadn't been cleaned, and smelled thoroughly of smoke. When I requested more pillows, the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she'd send them up. It took over an hour for 2 pillows. This hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn't always what you get. I will not be returning. the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
Hotel Allegro in Chicago is understated luxury. I love the minimalist decor, and the linens were quality and exquisite. You can't beat the location, either, it's located in the heart of the theatre district. Walking distance to all the great restaurants in Chicago! They also offer an in-room spa service, which is pure decadence. I chose to indulge in the Eucalyptus Mani/pedi. It was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure I have had in my life (135 dollars) but it was a wonderful experience. The eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer. there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts" staff very friendly. criticize. Highly recommended! very good service. this hotel again. in the lobby!)	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The "pub " downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.	112	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I've
a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby, the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating.	113	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	In
wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago. I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches. Upon arrival at the hotel, not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn't even a single king as was requested. Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room. The room itself was small and underwhelming. The was not dirty, but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel. The hotel was packed the weekend we visited. The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd. The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy. The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits. The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable. We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips. Hopefully, current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe... an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago. out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering. The room was not very clean at all. Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it, on the window sill and stains on the carpet. We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night. The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night. The jacuzzi was out of order also. When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available. whenever we wanted. hotel two stars. Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. in the rooms.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money. positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
hotel lost our reservations and then couldin't accommodate what we needed. they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request. we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations, they still charged us an early check out fee. If it wasn't for the great location of the hotel, there would be nothing positive to say/ trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month. After all, considering their prices (it's technically a Hilton), you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel. I'll start with the good stuff about the hotel: it's in downtown. Now for the bad stuff: first, everyone is rude. I'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp. The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby, was rough with my luggage, and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $5. Likewise, the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head. She had to call her supervisor over *twice* just to check me in, and I had a reservation! Apparently she was new, and didn't have much experience using the computer, but that's no excuse: it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium. Sadly, the room was no better than the service. The hot water in the sink did not work, the shower was only lukewarm, and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink. Complimentary mood lighting, I guess. The TV was a bust; sure it was an LCD, but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel. And to top it all off, the bed smelled funny. I called the front desk (at least the phone worked), and asked for fresh sheets. The person I talked to said they'd be right up, but never came. Eventually, I gave up. I woke up the next morning to back pain (the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow). I left the room, and made my way through the chilly hallways to the "complimentary buffet." Literally all the food was bad. Even the cereal tasted stale. Looking around, everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience. The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel. Just plain sad. Worst part was, it was the same thing for the next four days, too. you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online. We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques (Monaco, Allegro) and assumed this would be comparable. Good points: the lobby is beautiful, and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely. The many problems: When my wife called with a question on our arrival day, the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly. When we arrived, the lobby was stuffed with students; nobody tried to manage the group, several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk. We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle. We finally were checked in, after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms. When we got there, our room had not been made up from the last guest. When we complained, we were given an "upgrade" to a room that was old and uninspired. Chairs are scuffed, closet shelves are bowed, the air conditioner is noisy, and a wall lamp is loose. The view is of a construction site. Movies-on-demand are dated. We expect this from a budget hotel, not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale. When we returned after an evening out, the card reader to open the main doors did not work. One staff member admonished us (really) for not using the reader, when in fact we had tried. This was embarrassing, as others were standing in the lobby. I tried to access the hotel's wifi network, but was only given a $9.95 upgrade option. I called the desk, and was told to "click past it", which of course did nothing. It wasn't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked. We are pretty easygoing; we love good treatment and tip handsomely. If we had only 1or 2 problems, we wouldn't write. In fact, we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right. The president wrote a letter, and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch...nobody ever was. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved. The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel. They even remembered our names! The location of the hotel was amazing, right on the Magnificent Mile. We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool. I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area. the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent, accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk, but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman, Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations. recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
can I say... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location, its historic and gorgeous pool, it amazing Sunday brunch, it's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels, its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD. Let's break it down: Location: I'll concede that it's still great. Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river. Its historic and gorgeous pool: Closed indefinitely! When asked when it will re-open, the hotel staff actually said, "Maybe never." Its amazing Sunday brunch: Zest is gone, and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance. (The lobby, by the way, used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit. Also no longer...). The food is very bad. Very. Bad. There are so many restaurants in this city. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat. Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels: Based on my review of everything else. Go to the Drake, or the Peninsula. Completely worth the extra money... That, or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton, but you get a worse experience! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership: I canceled our membership after this disaster. Part of the membership includes early check-in (granted, when available)... but our room wasn't ready until 6pm. This is obviously after normal check-in. The staff was overwhelmed, and not effective or helpful. I tried to speak with the manager about our room, waited in long line to speak with someone, only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name. In a nutshell. Go somewhere else. ps: Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel. Way better food and coffee.	114	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	What
staying at the Swissotel Chicago I experienced some of the worst customer service I have at any hotel. The front desk was extremely rude while checking out, and even seemed to try to hurry us out. The fitness center was always packed and I was never able to get on any of the machines, as was the pool area. While eating at the restaurant, I felt it was a very overpriced meal, but it was very elegant looking. The last issue I had with the hotel was the valet parking, it took them awhile to get my car, and they actually pulled the wrong car around. It was another 10 minutes while I waited for them to sort the issue out. The worst part by far was the customer service, and although the hotel looked nice, it wasn't worth the stay with the way I felt I was treated based on the money I was spending. Next time we are in Chicago, we will be staying somewhere else! respect or professionalism.	35	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	While
stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens, luxury bedlinens, iPod radio, huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5. we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!	115	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	i
searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.	116	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	After
come to Chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days, the Hotel Allegro Chicago filled every bit of my checklist. We arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms; we both had the "double double deluxe". The rooms were gorgeous, well taken care of, clean, comfortable, well decorated and luxurious. The hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we didn't even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day. The hotel has great staff, they were always attentive to our needs. My favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - I am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great! Stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of Chicago's hustle and bustle! not be disappointed.	117	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Having
visiting the Chicago area, we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay. As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago, we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved. The problems began as soon as we arrived. The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton. And, when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for, the situation only got worse. Rather than apologize for the error (my credit card receipt was on hand) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable, we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms. I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder! With no choice but to retreat back to our room, we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay. A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop, but don't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism.	35	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	While
front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.	118	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Great
I can say is avoid this place at all costs. From the reservations assistant (who took 45 minutes to book a room) to check out (they billed my card for 750 dollars) and getting a refund (numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call). AVOID AVOID AVOID a truely hideous experieince I will never stay at a Starwood resort again, and given I stay in a hotel 4 or 5 days a week this is a big statement!	119	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	All
Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city. lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. It was actually beyond our budget, but my husband and I needed a weekend away, so I decided to splurge for the occasion. WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER!!! Our room was smaller than pictured online, and it looked like the maid didn't vacuum the carpet! We visited the hotel restaurant, Angels and Kings, one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband's steak was cooked wrong (he ordered medium, but received a well-done steak). By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave, but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out. Chicago was a fun city, but next time we return I'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too!! when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location, as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city, so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very, very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge, absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That, and the best bed ever, meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week, that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back! in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
booked this hotel using points on our credit card. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. We arrived several hours before check-in. However, they let us check-in early. They also gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel is absolutely stunning! In addition, it is off of State Street. There are many things to do - shopping, dinning, theater. It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport. The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge. The room was so dark and quiet we slept in. all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time. 18% restocking fee!!) Stay somewhere else.	120	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Very
just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels. gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!! Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel. The walls were paper thin, and I could hear conversations in the next room. This is not something I would have expected from a higher class of hotel. The room was also smaller than I would have expected for the price. We were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room, something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning. We requested new towels, but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request. The check-in process was frustrating, mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter. I don't know if she was having a bad day, or just happens to be in such a mood all the time, but either way, it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with. Overall, not a pleasant experience. I think next time, we'll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting Chicago. not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
decided to book at the Amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on TA. I was blown away by the reviews for the Amalfi on TA and decided to check it out. I was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and I was not disappointed. I asked to be put in a quiet room because I was having an interview the next day. The room was very quiet and in a great location, but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and I could hear people running on the treadmill during the day. However, it quieted down at night and I could not hear anything. The rooms were enormous for Chicago and I was pleased!!! The hotel provided free breakfast which was good, free internet, and free gym access. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Magnificient Mile and I walked there everyday to do shopping. I have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly. I wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was. All in all, I plan to stay at the Amalfi anytime I visit Chicago in the future. relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.	121	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I'd
stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago... few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling	110	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Excellent
Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling. a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
just came back from this awesome, terrific hotel last week, and I have to say-- I loved it! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting, and right when I stepped into the hotel, I knew that this business vacation will be well spent. The customer service was very great, and an employee even guided us toward our room! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds, a flat screen TV, and even free internet access. My wife loved it, and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap. When I headed down to the lobby for my conference, I got lost, and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held. He leaded me to the door, and I was very impressed. There is a fitness center which I went everyday, and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby, where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad. All in all, I thought that the trip was really worth it, and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago. I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there, you will not regret it. the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
James Chicago is a stuffy, uninviting hotel. If you are looking for all of the comforts of home, do not stay here. The rooms are like boardrooms,not bedrooms. Definitely not a child-friendly hotel. The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious. I would not vacation here again, especially not with children. They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel! Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online. Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience. When we arrived, we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold. So, we had to move to another hotel. Amalfi did take care of the other hotel, cab fare, and after much negotiating...breakfast. We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient. Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned, we had to get up, pack up our suitcases, check out of the hotel, take a cab, check back into the Amalfi, only then could we head to the museum. We were also told that our first night's stay would be refunded. Well, more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later...there still hasn't been a refund. I can't even get a manager to call me back. The Amalfi wasn't all bad, it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance. The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers. However, it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended. One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles, but they seemed really small for queens. Our view from our room was of the alley. So, overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor. Very disappointing indeed! much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend, I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away, and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance, but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall, I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience! go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
HOTEL IS FANTASTIC. I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona, and could not believe the great quality of the hotel. I'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite. Really polite staff, great housekeeping, and amazing prices. On my way out, I was telling the manager about how much I'd loved the hotel, and he even offered me an extra night there! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.	122	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	THIS
wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City. We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here, but really disappointed in the accommodations. The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel. It doesn't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building. The rest are offices. Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant. The room itself was unremarkable, with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn. Although it is close to the best part of the City, it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk. Our Norwegian friends, by contrast, stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier. be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it!	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover, I did not hear a single "I'm sorry", it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think, nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do, since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say, since this never happened to me before, also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good, however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again. would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in. This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that, it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website. The paint was faded and chipped, there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of. After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk, someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name. After a long trip, I'm sure you know how aggravating that was. Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation. Once we got to our room, it was very small, smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood. Also, as we were walking to the room in the hallway, a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place. To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night. All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask. It was a nightmare. Oh yeah, and the shower did have any hot water. We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week. When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted. hotel two stars. Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. in the rooms.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in. The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive. The hotel seems to be luxurious, even from the lobby, and right away, I was very excited for my stay! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend. The room is spacious enough, and beds are very comfortable. I didn't try the room service, but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa, which is very convenient. I also love how the room has individual climate controls! Very neat! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room. I'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels. I will most likely stay in this hotel another time. It was a wonderful experience! everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again!	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly, however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking. Our air conditioning didn't seem to be working well, but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually... cool off. Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax, it happened 4 times. By this time we realized that the air was not working again, so after fussing with the controls it did kick on. The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone, but didn't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working. After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees, I called and maintenience did come to check. After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out. I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel. Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service !! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago. from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly. criticize. Highly recommended! very good service. this hotel again. in the lobby!) clients. Well done! concierge was excellent.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel. stay here again. Rock on, TripStarr do the same. from now on.... an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
Good LOCATION Views Decor Room Service Friendly Staff The Bad Shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked Bed was just Ok The Ugly Had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up. I am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel's iPod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up. Also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower. The staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately. Also, they mentioned that they had AREADY been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers. a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
had a great time here! It is centerally located in Chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent. The staff was amazing and very helpful! Parking was a bit steep, but to be expected. The room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable. The yoga mat rental was wonderful as well! Wonderful and relaxing experience overall. a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help.	123	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Upon
nice hotel, better than expected. The hot breakfast is great in the morning, but the Dinner at night goes above and beyond (even free wine!) The rooms are pretty good size, well furnished, and clean. I liked the view from my room. I used the fitness center and although did not have everything I would have liked, was adequate. I will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view. The staff was friendly and helpful; being my first time in Chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	124	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Very
I traveled to Chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The whole experience was wonderful! The room was spacious and beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable that I had no problem falling asleep, as I normally do at other hotels. The staff were polite and courteous, and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant, I went to my conference with a smile on my face.	125	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Recently,
quaint and romantic, yet masculine. I've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm. Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout! or O'Hare airports.	126	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Very
started when I booked the InterContinental Chicago online at the hotel's site, and got a server error. Somehow I managed to get my reservation, and wish I had looked elsewhere on this great Chicago street, filled with plenty of other options. The server errors continued at check in and didn't let up. I was on a holiday weekend, but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers, and I had trouble getting served. The hotel is enormous and doesn't give a sense of comfort. The health facilities are also just too big, so noisy and crowded. And Internet access was $18 a day, kind of surprising when I can go around the corner to a Starbucks! Next time, I'll pick a more intimate place nearby--without so many "server errors".	127	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Problems
let the website fool you. I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago on my last business trip, and this was probably one of the worst 4 star hotel I've ever stayed at. The website makes the place look like a 4 star hotel but it's more on par with a 2 stars or 3, if you want to be generous. First off, the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture. The room that I checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls, and the carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed since god knows when. Since I was only staying one night, I decided not to ask for a different room- although I don't know if asking for a different room would've made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk. When I arrived, there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement, no prompt service. I had to wait about 3 minutes although I was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me. And no, they weren't talking about hotel matters. I'm not a difficult or an especially picky person, and who doesn't chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for 3 minutes shows serious lack of professionalism. Do yourself a favor, and go stay at the Marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for.	14	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Don't
Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays. What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be. The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons, service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings. The laundry service leaves more to be desired. The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco. I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for?	128	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hard
recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown. The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business. My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere. I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs. The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat. I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress. I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel. They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well. After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests. The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right. After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago. I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well. When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again. four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City. travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
my sister got married last summer, our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco, so it's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax! The kids ADORED the indoor pool, Billy couldn't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path, and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day. The reception dinner at Shula's Steakhouse was fun and delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit! staying, the Swissotel. again, I would! for a while. next business trip!	129	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	When
have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and I can honestly stay that The James is tops. The service at the hotel is first class. The rooms are modern and very comfortable. The location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants. Highly recommend to both business travellers and couples. many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
will never stay at Conrad Chicago again. The employees were rude from the begining. When I asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like I was an inconveniece. The bar staff wasn't much better. The maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay. Do not go there! spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James!!! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner--both of which were great but The James was perfect. Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view wasn't great the space, decor and location can't be beat. Staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful, the gym was substantial and though I didn't try the restaurants/room service, the menus looked yummy. I've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now. If you can get a good deal, I highly recommend!! and the subway.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our "night on the town". After taking in a musical, we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service. The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym. If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand, it would've been a great environment for our family lapdog. Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago. gladly come back.	130	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Recently
Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay. Nothing bad about it. It was a great value. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were nice and open, and the pool was great. Food was GREAT! My family and I loved staying here! Would recommend to everyone I know. a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again!	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport, you areusually not in the best of mood. I, working in a upscale hotel, do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to. All they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in. The desk clerk who checked me in at this property, did neither. She was short, rude, handed me my keys and walked away. I would never go back to this property due to this. enjoy their stay. girl's gotta shower.	131	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	When
stayed at the Fairmont during a professional conference. While I have to say that for a conference, some of the meeting rooms were too small, in terms of traveler's comfort the hotel is exceptional! I can't think of a single thing about my room that wasn't perfect. The accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many Chicago attractions. the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation" wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
entering the Hotel Monaco CHicago, i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building. The old fashioned furnishings, the wonderful view, and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel. At first i had been skeptical, but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone. As i entered my room, the fresh flowers and the amazing Chicago view greeted me. During my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool, winding down every night with a comforting massage. I would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance, but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities. staying here again!	44	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Upon
big rooms but stinky mildew hallways, fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni. Location was great but there are a lot of other options. If you get a really good deal on the room, I wouldn't say no.	132	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Nice
husband and I made a reservation at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, for a much needed weekend getaway. We took off work early Friday to beat traffic. Once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking. We drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel. Upon checking in we were informed that the floor, where our room was located, was in the process of having the carpets cleaned. We decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation. We took the elevator, which smelled like urine, up to our room. We did see some carpet cleaning machines, unattended, in the hallway. I hoped for the sake of safety, no children were staying on this floor. We walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine. The overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us. We called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms. He rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings. Just then, the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and I could not hear anything else my husband said. We decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel. It was an awful experience. a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back. chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay, period. now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day. (p.s. the weather was in the high 70s). to get back to the hotel, it was fantastic, it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city. two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son. full kitchen, (laundry on 7th floor) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance, everything within walking distance. you wont need a car and at $42 for valet parking you wont want one. dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed. oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done. its a no brainer book now. p.s. theres also a beach within walking distance	133	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	we
was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the James. I had heard from others that it was "agreeable" and "workable" and "all right," or even "a nice place." I figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend. According to the website, I was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and "warm tones." Well, when I arrived, I felt like I was in an Ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day. Everything in the front was just a bit too askew. The staff were busy, distracted, inattentive, and in every way keen to show me I was a bother to them. I handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort. I also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price. It looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before I got there. The bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly, inexplicably, of men's cologne. Nobody cared when I complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just "stuck in my nose" and that it would go away. Well, it didn't, and I had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived. This ruined my entire first evening in Chicago. For my price I could have stayed a week at an economy hotel, gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs, and still saved money. And I would not have been treated like such a pest. Needless to say, I will be looking elsewhere when I go back to Chicago. I may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels, but I know when I am wasting my money. to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer, and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade, even though the rooms are still a bit small, but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants, lounges, and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago, I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I'd prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES, it does stand out all on it's own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit 'metallic'. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet. with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money. that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again! out of twenties. was the best stay here again! good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
hotel is one superior hotel. The prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic. My husband and I got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing. Waking up to seeing Lake Michigan was a site not to miss. The rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at Bloomingdales or in other places in Chicago, and the customer service was top notch and very friendly. hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone. to the city. be coming back!	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out. will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
arrival at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff. From the moment we checked-in until we left; the staff, from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating. Since we had our two daughters with us, we booked the traditional double room. The room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too. It had plenty of room for the four of us--or should I say five of us. The girls did not want to leave home without ChiChi, our teacup Chihuahua. Fortunately, the Amabassador East allows small pets (with a pet waiver). That made everybody happy! The location is great as well. Conviently located. Easy to get to from Lakeshore Drive. Close to the museums. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago. I'll be staying here again!	44	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Upon
usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change. I don't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class. But I do think the service was better at the Conrad. We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left. Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best. Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports. The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good. The bar was ok, no Crown Reserve. They did have the Cask 16 at $24 a drink, ouch. The room service was very quick. Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits. The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor. It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off. Which wasn't so bad since my wife smokes. The temp on the 5th where the lobby, bar, and restaurant was fine. We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept. One last thing, if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast. Go to the West Egg, only a few blocks away. which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago. From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends. Our rooms were ready upon arrival, and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online. The location couldn't be more convenient to access all of Chicago's shopping and dining areas. We dined in Seston's Chop House, which I highly recommend. The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience. The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City! ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration. lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep). very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again.	134	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Nestled
stayed at this Hotel in February 2010. The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way. So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity. We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor. Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours. They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on. We called the front desk who sent security up immediately. Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave. We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down. Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted. When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate. Well we still paid for it!!. They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had. We would never stay at this hotel again, obviously they really don't care about their guests. in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
went here with the family, including our dog Marley(They are very pet friendly). We really enjoyed it. This place is huge with over 480 rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment. It also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event. I will definately be coming back next time I need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel! ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
hotel is absolutely beautiful. I is elegant, comfortable and a very relaxing stay. It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping. I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone. to the city. be coming back! food and attractions.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators, which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk, I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor, which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall, and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor, and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here, request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain. for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it."	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at. I stayed there for 3 days and two nights. My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully. The staff was very kind and very helpful. The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago. Overall, A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city. friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month. We were celebrating our anniversary, so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite. According to the website, we were to be given either a city or park view, neither of which we had. Instead, our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees. The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient, and the man who helped with our bags was the same. When we got to the room, the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming. The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink. My husband requested that we be given another room, preferably a clean one, but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available. If given the chance, I would not stay at this hotel again, even if I were offered a free night. not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
staying at the James Chicago last weekend I can honestly say I will be going for affordability on my next trip. The James Chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected. The chairs in the room looked like something out of Ikea. I love Chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay. I believe I would have been better off and happier staying at the Holiday Inn. You don't always get what you pay for. not stay again. back here ever. and hot beer.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
here in November 2011 on a leisure trip to Chicago. Hotel is very dated, with some rooms that just aren't good enough. Front desk staff was rude. Will not be staying here again - prefer the Swissotel and the Hyatt properties (Regency is similarly priced, and Park Hyatt is 3x more) and a list of boutique hotels in the area as well (Kimpton, etc). Pros: -The only hotel that opens onto Michigan Avenue, very close to all of the excitement -Eno Wine Bar has a great selection of cheeses -Rooms are clean Cons: -Some hotel rooms just make no sense - our first room was tiny and had a window overlooking a ledge (effectively no view), and our second room had two windows that looked out onto a brick wall (actually no view) -You have to pay for everything - internet, gym, and the pool (which was not available due to renovation...) -Entire hotel was very old, not in a classical sense but in a ghost story one -Front desk staff was rude i.e., new lamps. cheap unfriendly staff. after this experience.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds. When we got to the hotel, not only did they not have a room for us (we pre-paid!), but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online, they could only give us what was available. The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us. If you book online - beware! You may not get what you paid for. They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room. the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews. For some reason, I kept being disappointed at every turn. Noisy room on the 4th floor. Could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling. BE WARNED - No water, no mini-bar no vending machine, no nothing once you get in your room. You might as well be in prison. They have coffee in the morning, but it starts at 6 so I had to wait both days. I guess that is convenient for them, but what about me? Workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest. The only treadmill I could get on was broken. Guess what a cooler with water in it! Oh no - it was only stocked for one day. After that nothing. Way to set expectations and then fail to deliver. Same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don't. They essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous $10 charge for wireless (go a few doors down to Starbucks where it is free). They should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach. I have stayed at much better for less. Won't be coming back. this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage. The 'view' was of the 'inner courtyard' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms. You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night. They no longer have in-room coffee appliances. You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room, or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald's. Internet access is not free ($12.95/24 hours), the "Gift Shop" is a joke (tucked away in the corner of the coat check room, Concierge services have limited hours, and the business center is open only during 'business hours' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours." I would not stay there ever again, nor do I recommend it to anyone. I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express!	135	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Booked
was attending a conference at the Mariott. They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default. What a lucky break. This is a beautiful hotel. I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy. What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact, and decorated around the basic stucture. My room was CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. I want to comment on the staff. What an upbeat group of people. This included the doormen, the front desk, the consierge. They were wonderful! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar, while I drank their courtesy coffee. They brought us a refrigerator, IPOD dock, and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in. I had a hard time contacting the airport transport. The consierge took care of it for me. While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle, one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back. I just couldn't get over how nice and friendly everyone was....great place to stay. I hope to go back with my husband. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008. I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky. They had a free wine tasting each evening! The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay. The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights! Rooms were lovely, althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side. Will be back. again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
Chicago: Don't let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you. This hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect. Firstly, the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality. For example, the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it's support after trying to open them for a city view. The bedroom bed (King-sized) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make. Of coarse, this isn't too bad once you fall asleep, until then, it sucks! In regards to room services, the hotel workers are not all that friendly. They talk to you in a stubborn way, as if they just want to get it done and over with, just to get their pay-check. Yes they do all basic room service orders, but it is not all too friendly. Overall, this hotel has it's much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has (which is a bare minimum). With that being said, I would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown Chicago area in need for at least average hotel services. However, if sub-par service and quality is okay for you, then this hotel could be suitable, however, considering it's prices, you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms.	136	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Swissotel
husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary. We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel's brochure intrigued us. Boy were wee wrong! Upon arrival (at the given and advertised check-in time) our room was not ready. We waited for more than an hour, with our bags in hand. We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready, but the staff was less than "warm" both times. After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels' lobby, tired and finally arriving to our room, we expected to take a nap and hit the city. We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought. We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline. Yeah, right! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building. In addition, the water in the shower had little pressure. We called the front desk, the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered. My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling. We requested a better room, but they said that none was available. However, they did have an upgraded room, but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee. We could not believe it. My husband felt that we should not "agitate" them any further, for fear that they might make things even worse for us: like turn off our air. We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before. After returning about 2 hours later, the water pressure was fixed. The room was clean and the bed was plush, but the overall experience (especially the rudeness of the staff) was not good. Let's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we won't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there. here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed. I called the desk and asked for some and they said that I couldn't have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed. My husband was ill and I wanted the bed set up so I wouldn't disturb him. but they were un moved and wouldn't bring the sheets. I ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket. They could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket, I didn't pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress. Seriously! Lack of concern for the customer. expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it."	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
reading the Trip Advisor reviews, I was expecting an exceptional stay. I was not impressed overall. The concierge, the view, and the hotel resturant were the highlights. The bed, although not horrible, was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home, and I do not consider myself and extremely fussy person. I was traveling for business, and although not dressed in formalwear, was also not dressed down, but all in all, it felt a bit pretentious to me. There are better options for the money, and would gladly stay at the Sutton Place, Sheraton Towers, or Trump for the similar price and better stay. I would ask Trip Advisor to move it down in the ratings......not #1 in Chicago, in my book. can be printed	40	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	After
Homewood Suites by Hilton, in downtown Chicago, has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city. After asking the doorman, I discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen. The full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take, as did the stove and LCD televisions. This is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in Chicago. It's mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as $40 a night, which is what I payed when I stayed there in September. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, and the staff were all very friendly and professional. one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
had purchased this deal of off groupon. Lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures. when We layed down to sleep in our bed. We lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed (attached in photos), we immediatly called the front desk. The only thing they offered was a new set of sheets. when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly/hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again. we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean. Then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos, and they offered me a ($68) refund. I was very dissapointed,and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and I broke out on my face with ACNE (i never had a acne or skin issues) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets. We drove 4.5 hours to enjoy Chicago and we stayed @ the hard rock based on reputatuion, and unfortunitly we were very disspointed. it was DISGUSTING! I then wrote a Email to management and HEARD NOTHING BACK. NOT even a response or apology. I just really expected alot more. and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again. a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint.	137	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	For
was lucky enough to get a "4 star" hotel off of Priceline for $70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but cozy. After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel. I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the "4 star" rating. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms were small, but what historic hotel in a big city isn't? The decor and quality met my expectations. The lobby and bar were very inviting. Overall, I would stay here again and again. Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
had reservations to check into the Chicago Conrad. When we arrived my wife and I were told the hotel was oversold and that I would have to take a double room rather than a king. This was a special weekend for my wife and I so this was a big disappointment. We were offered a free dinner which we accepted. The restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good. The tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair. This took about an hour to resolve. Overall we would not pick this hotel again. They should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition. We feel it was not a good value. of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports.	126	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Very
at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations. And what a disappointment! Paid just under $200 for a "deluxe king", and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction, a dirty, badly "rehabbed" bathroom, itchy sheets, no down comforter!! (just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar, and plenty of rude, inexperienced staff members & managers (def. not a 3 or 4 star staffing!!) I do live in Chicago, and have stayed at a wide range of places. I know that for $200 in February, you can expect a great hotel. As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi, choosing it over say, the Palmer House Hilton, Hotel Sax, Sutton Place, Hotel 71, was a huge waste. Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere. Not worth the price at all, don't let their pictures fool you. Also, I wouldn't say that our experience was just a rare mishap, the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation, i.e., new lamps. cheap unfriendly staff. after this experience.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
my price on priceline. $50.00 Bucks. Hotel room was great. Clean, Clean and new. Fresh crisp sheets, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, clean carpet, nice bath, etc. Short distance to food and sightseeing. I highly recommend this property. Be prepared to pay over $40.00 per night to park. Hey, Its a hyatt. They also charge $5.00 for a bottle of water that is normally a buck. For a total of $100.00 nightly stay in Chicago this place is it just don't drink the bottled water. Happy Travels	138	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Named
was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago, and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around. I chose to stay at the Talbot, an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. To start off, I was NOT pleased. For the hundreds I pay a day, I expected an impeccable hotel. First, the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance. Some customer service they claim. Next, when I went to my room, I found that room service had not cleaned it at all. I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such. In summary: yes, it was a fancy hotel, yes it had nice accommodations, but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price. sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water. We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party. When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes. When we called back nothing was done about it. My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing. THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water. After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep. They did not resolve this issue. They just keep passing my complaint to "managers" supposedly. It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it	139	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	They
stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn't rude, just incompetent. For example, we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room, which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel. Nonetheless, the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs... The list of issues goes on unfortunately, including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes. And the room itself was not clean; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold. Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities, but training or sufficient staff... oh, but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same. Find a newer hotel, there are many in this great city.	140	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We've
fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel. The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys. They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay. The rest of the staff however was terrible. When we first checked in, I was instantly discouraged. The front desk person was not in a good mood and I couldn't wait to leave the lobby. Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing. We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations. We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff. At one point, the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her, as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well. Even though she saw us standing there, after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first. Yes, we are in our mid 20's, but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible. For how much money we paid for each night, I would have rather stayed somewhere else. We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews, but we did not experience any of this during our stay. The rooms were alright, but nothing special. I would not stay in this hotel again. nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they beds and pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called "Orange" which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning.	141	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	went
stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00. worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade! When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found. Other reviewers remarked that this hotel "needs updating," but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.) There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas. Niftyc	142	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Outmoded
had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny. are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend. the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago. Lets just say we were thankful we didn't have to spend much time in the room. The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way. The furniture was worn and outdated. The place was gross and just wasn't worth the money we spent on it. The only redeeming quality was the door man, we was very nice and helpful. on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended! very good service. this hotel again. in the lobby!) clients. Well done! concierge was excellent. in other cities.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
would never stay here again. For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel, it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services. I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained. enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break. We took advantage of a pre-paid, non-cancellable offer. We subsequently received a "Bed & Breakfast" offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation (same dates, different offer). We called the 800' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant, we simply hung up. We had been looking forward to our vacation, but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel. I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz, the Four Seasons, and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way. I will post again after our stay on April 17th. good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
I was swept away when I walked into the hotel it was gorgeous. The staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean, and the food was delicious. We stayed two nights and the first night we went to the Lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food. It has to be the best food in Chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise. The decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel I had been at they were very elegant and inviting. I cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life.	143	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Amazing!
Amalfi Hotel advertises itself as a "luxury boutique hotel" and as such I expected my experience there to be somewhat better than average. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The room I booked was not clean; in particular the bathroom looked as if someone had done a very minimal amount of cleaning after the last guest. There was hair in the corners of the room leading me to think the floor had not been swept or cleaned. In addition, although the room was supposed to be a non-smoking room, I could still detect the odor of cigarette smoke. I will say that the staff was courteous and the hotel is very well situated in terms of the many restaurants, sites and shops all within walking distance. However, given the cost of the room and my experience with the cleanliness of the room, I would not stay at the Amalfi Hotel again. in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time. this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel.	144	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Room:
Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future. won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
never written a review before, but I just had to share my experience with Chicago's InterContinental Hotel. I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife's birthday. We've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us. The horrors started when we first got to the counter. The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me. We get to our room and the maid hadn't cleaned it yet! We had to wait around for that, so we went to the hotel's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced. Finally our room is finished and the the "view" we were promised was non-existent. To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning. The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain. A stain! on the sheets. What a waste of money. I pointed this out the concierge and we weren't even offered a refund or discount. Never again.	77	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I've
I called to edit my existing reservation, I was placed on hold for 30 minutes! Finally someone came on the phone and said, "Ill have to transfer you", so I was put on hold for another 5 minutes. When I finally did get to speak to someone, as I was going through my changes, I asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off. Before she was able to disconnect with me, I said "I have one more question" to which she replied "I'm working at the front desk and I have customers waiting!" I thought, so am I not your customer? pathetic and rude. Hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay. girl's gotta shower.	131	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	When
here for two days while attending Lollopalooza music festival. One of the best locations in Chicago, on Michigan Ave near the Tribune and Sun-Times buildings. An easy walk or bus ride to many attractions. The King sized room was very nice, not large, but with a generous bathroom. Service was excellent throughout. Check out the awesome swimming pool, straight out of twenties. was the best stay here again! good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
hotel was worth every cent. You have not experienced Chicago luxury until you have stayed here. In town for a conference, my colleagues and I never had to leave our hotel for much of anything. Fine dining, entertainment, you name it: Knickerbocker's got it! I will definitely return as my wife and I frequent Chicago to visit family. at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone. to the city. be coming back! food and attractions. it so much.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago, it is somewhat expensive, starting at $200 per night. There are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler. The rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer. The carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas. The views from the rooms are not as great as they could be. The hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature. Although the hotel is located on Chicago's famous Michigan Avenue, it is a $40 taxi ride from O'Hare airport and a $36 taxi ride from Midway airport, both rather pricey options. If you chose to drive there, the valet parking charge is a hefty $53. Again, not very budget friendly. All in all, even though the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago is close to some of the major Chicago attractions, it is only an average hotel on many levels.	145	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Although
was looking for a fun, contemporary hotel and it didn't deliver. The lobby was nice, and the rooms were mostly clean, but it really wasn't special. Service time was slow for room requests, I found empty water bottles under the chair, and the a but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked. While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it's decor (less traditional and more funky interior) it is not nearly as nice. The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice. The rooms are also smaller. The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though, is the bathroom. It has an old tiled floor, with an old sink, and old toilet. It reminds me of something you would find in a men's locker room. Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror, it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance. Also, the layout of the bathroom is terrible. The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet. Also, the room is not very clean as well. The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers. I would recommend staying at the Monaco, Hard Rock, or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice. pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago, I immediately went to their website to check them out. What I found there was decent, nothing really stood out. It wasn't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened. The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional. Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly. The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day. When I asked about more towels, the maids were happy to help me out. If I were ever to be in that area again, I know exactly where I'm staying, the Swissotel. again, I would! for a while. next business trip!	129	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	When
speaking, nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue. We checked the closed with the mini bar (picture uploaded), so much dust, nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years. We called in housekeeping, giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it. Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs. later. Next day moved to a renovated room, much better but not 5 star clean at all. In addition, there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception, no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open. Please do something about these issues its ruining everything!	146	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Generally
Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist's paradise, a hotel so grand and luxurious that you'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip. But is it really as magnificent as suggested? True, you can get a massage, the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks, heck, there's even a gym. But the truth is, you're really paying much more for a few things you don't really need. The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur, when really, all you're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player. Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant. They claim to serve excellent lobster, yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish, and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth. This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain, hoping their facade won't be revealed. Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
of all, Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!! and water warm.	3	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	First
James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago, the miracle mile, Pizza House Uno,Rush street, The Water Tower everything. We walked everywhere because everything was close by. The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side. But the bed was very comfortable, Very! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely. All service was very fast and through. The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it, the bar service was good. The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar. I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $400.00 for a 5 star hotel that's cheap. Due to the location, price and service I may stay there again. But I think my next trip may take me to Trump's hotel in Chi Town. The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great! Always pleasent, with a smile and very good service. this hotel again. in the lobby!) clients. Well done! concierge was excellent. in other cities.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
a quaint, warm and friendly place to stay! Very accomodating ..had 2 dble beds and bathroom was fine....a bit small compared to USA hotels....but compared to european travel...the place was palatial! Would def. stay here again. Location is great too!	96	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	What
work for a software marketing firm, and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year. I spend a large amount of time in hotels. I normally don't write reviews for hotels, but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond. Let's start where it matters: the rooms. They are top notch. There's nothing better than walking in to a clean, beautiful rooms after a long day of travel. The beds are among the best I've ever slept in in hotels. The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home. The price: Low. I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels, and everything else was at least 10% more expensive. But you don't get what you pay for here. You get much more than that! The location: Couldn't be better. You want to go to a world class restaurant? That's within walking distance. You want a great shopping experience? Again, walking distance. Anything else you want? Chances are, it's within walking distance. Overall, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it. We've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all. It's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices. It's a beautiful hotel all the way around. Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing. They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly. The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance. The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths. My wife loved the huge tub. We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious. The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated. The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk. Want a Bentley or latte? They're all close by. This was our second stay since it opened and I'm sure it's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago. excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that! a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
grand and having a brand, this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts. 1. Staff seemed snooty and arrogant. 2. Request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests.The initial room was very small. 3. for the cost paid I would expect a coffee maker, free internet service at the least which even regular B&Bs offer. 4.They will levy charges on each and everything.Complete rip off Other things matched the Grandeur.Cleanliness and location was good, but the staff made my stay unpleasant.	147	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Though
Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word, dreadful. The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic. The service is terrible. If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go! Throughout a whole week, beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned. The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit, they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago. This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America. Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel. stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general	148	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Visiting
it, this hotel seems very nice, but I was not at all pleased with my stay here. The customer service was horrible. I had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either. For as much as I paid to stay here, you'd think the least you'd get is an iron. Not! I had to request an iron, too! In addition to all of the failed amenities, I was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn't reimbursed until an entire week later. The next time I choose to visit Chicago, Swissotel will be the last place I think to stay.	149	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Grant
to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting).	150	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Had
wife and I stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it. The atmosphere was very chic & upscale; in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank. My wife even got to bring along her dog (aka #1 man!). I would definitely stay here again & would recommend it to anyone staying in the Chicago area. is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
booked this hotel on Priceline for 4/13, and a week later called the hotel directly to add 4/12 to our stay. The receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation# and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite. When we arrived at check-in, there was no record of my 4/12 reservation whatsoever. The hotel was also fully booked, leaving my tired, hungry family and I high and dry with nowhere to go. The only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that Lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room, and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening. We ended up at Embassy Suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there. or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc. up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go. For this week's vacation in Chicago, I heard several recommendations regarding lodging, but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically. I expected an experience of comfort, luxury and customer satisfaction, but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel. The design is breathtaking -- modern, clean, stylish, sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby, shops and restaurants, to the stunning guest rooms themselves. My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in, and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor. Far from a traditional hotel experience, this was like moving into chic, exclusive downtown apartment, and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living. Impressive, too, was the hotel's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world's resources. From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage, the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world, and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance. It's a respect that shows through, too, in other areas: support for artistic organizations, charities and other programs of merit, as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay, whether for a weekend, a week, or longer. The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago. In fact, we may visit again solely to stay at the James! go for dinner. this to anyone. to the city. be coming back! food and attractions. it so much.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one. a better price. beds feel like!)	101	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	A
had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference. My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile. Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over, I was pleased but not impressed. Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation. I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there'd be an hour delay. I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room. I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled. I would have left, but my company had a account at this hotel. If I stayed somewhere else, I'd have to pay out of pocket. The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker. I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled. The leg in front on the left side was broken. I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair. Two hours passed by before I was given my room. When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke. I was mad because I explicitly asked for a "non-smoking" room. I was furious. I didn't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight. I sighed, tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room. I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room. When I went to turn it on, it didn't work. Tired and angry, I went to sleep, thinking I'll never stay at this hotel again. beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise. worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago was amazing. The staff are polite and well poised, eager to give a helping hand in a short notice. To someone like me, who had never even been in the city of Chicago, it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip. The rooms, hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy, and whenver I went out, I would always find my room perfect ; be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences, or just to hit the mattress and sleep. During my stay, I stopped at their restuarant where I had one of the best American style meal in a while. Overall, the Hotel Monaco is a place I would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit Chicago for a second time. It is truely exceptional. a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time. The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea's. We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows. You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers. The large flat screen TV was very nice. Bath products were by Crabtree & Evelyn and included shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash and bady lotion. Plenty of coffee was provided. We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea's. The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night. Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie, Cheese Dip and Crisps! The location worked very well for us. We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street. And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $15 each way. An excellent weekend getaway! business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience. I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service. I will definitely be returning for another stay!	151	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Amalifa
husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away. staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Hilton Chicago last week and was very disappointed. The highlight of the stay was waiting 20 minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage. Finally, my 72 year old mother, 8 year old son, and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task. The security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me. The valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us. As far as I could tell, he was just standing there doing nothing. I couldn't let go of the bags without everything falling so I gave my son the parking receipt. The attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away. My 8 year old had to tell him to pull it up. They should have been ashamed. Less significant, but irritating issues. The pool is part of the Hilton Athletic club. Two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim. Basically, two adults can take up 2/3rds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover 1/3rd. This is ridiculous and very family unfriendly. In addition, the pool closes at 9 p.m. What pool closes at 9? We stayed for 3 nights. Not one single additional bar of soap, bottle of shampoo, or coffee stirrers. place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
at the Fitzpatrick before, about 4 years ago, it was ok. The management was great, staff was so kind, and rooms were clean. ** But this time I promised my self NEVER to go back!! The new staff was so rude!! I made a reservation for my Anniversary on the internet, and the day of check in I was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation!** 1) I was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline. 2) Staff was extremely rude! Not arrogant, but rude! Like they hated thier job. 3) They offered check in at 1pm but the room wasn't ready till 3pm! 4) There were stains everywhere! 5) Because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site, they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff. after this experience.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
is a great hotel! The views are fabulous, the service it friendly and the location is superb. We booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the Chicago River. The only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped. We booked our room for $89 a night for Memorial Day weekend. It was a steal! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning! from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk. class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate, and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view, in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom, terrycloth robes and slippers, turndown service, Roger Gallet toiletries, a fluffy down conforter, and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants, brioches, & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel. for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people. Executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours. Other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel. One of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place. While the location is good, this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what Swissotel is supposed to be, and there are far better choices in Chicago. It would not be my choice for a return stay. my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best. we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel, than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff, just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff, no greetings, no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area, and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel. hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
was not at all impressed with my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago. Checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the 1 (one!!) front desk agent 30 minutes to process. Both guests had issues with their rooms regarding, it seemed, wrong room types and being out of the room type requested. I was nervous about my own reservation and, sure enough, my Superior Corner room wasn't available. The hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available. I was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel. Want internet? Upcharge. Want extra pillows? Upcharge. Extra coffee for the room? Upcharge. Bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating. I won't be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking. the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
I had very bad experience with this hotel, as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light. the bed sheets were not properly cleaned. Also the carpet was dirty though AC was working properly. But i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me. There was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom. Please do not go to this hotel, it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different.	152	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hi,
Exuberant Experience! Our stay at Hotel Allegro was very enjoyable. The intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing, as well as the exceptional room service. The rooms were very decorative and well above par. I very much enjoyed the complimentary tea. I Would highly recommend Hotel Allegro as a must stay vacation get-away.	153	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Extravagant,
Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with class and superior quality furniture. The hotels restaurant "lockwood" consist's of delicious French and Italian cuisine. The location is in the prime area to downtown, and shopping areas. This hotel is suited for pristine guests, and those who are not willing to settle for less. If you're looking for not just any stay, but a stay in luxury, you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try. It is one of the best of the best in Chicago, and your stay will be one to remember. area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago was an amazing experience! The staff were helpful and considerate, always there to tend to my needs. My suite was extremely clean, and had all the amenities that I could ask for. I almost didn't want to leave my room, because it was so nice. But in the end I did, because the hotel is situated in such a great area, that I had to go out and see some of the sites. This hotel has wonderful rooms and service, and is in a really great area. I suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in Chicago. wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. this to anyone. to the city. be coming back! food and attractions. it so much.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
a frequent business traveler and often in Chicago on trips. At times, it's very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown Chicago, and this was one of those times. I recently had to pay almost $400 for one night at the Allegro. It was absolutely not worth it. The hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers, so check-in and check-out were very slow. There were very few elevators, which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests. The morning I checked out, our elevator stopped at every single floor from the 16th floor down to the lobby, but the elevator was almost completely full when I got on at the 18th floor, so I can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs. The room was extremely small and cramped, even though it had obviously been renovated recently. The TV, bed, and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel. Still, the rate was way overpriced for such a small room. The best thing about the Allegro was the room service, which was prompt. The food was good, and the prices were very reasonable for room service. From now on, if my regular hotels are booked, I'll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn't worth it.	154	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I'm
enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago! the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen. This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want. You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste. There is a in room refreshment center,high speed Internet, 32 inch television ,coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks. You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need. The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River. There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful. If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier,or Art Institute. When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate. Have a few drinks at the great bar, then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company. The staff was very friendly and super helpful. The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen. I will come again and again. A big thumbs up to this great Hotel. tops the list. back very soon. in downtown Chicago. stay here again.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago. value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
hotel was wonderful! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it! Pros: THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF!!! -Helpful: Knew great places to eat and HOW to get there Breakfast: Pastries, coffee, tea, muffins, etc: Fresh Drinks + hors d'oeuvres: Yummy!! Rooms -Clean -Well decorated Lots of people of different ages stayed there Cons: Very very very far from the museums hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice, I arrived to find that the front desk staff had 'no record' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved. When I asked to speak to a manager, it took almost half an hour for him to turn up. He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised, but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience. The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay. Not worth the rate though. The website really makes this hotel seem upscale, clean, and well decorated, but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby. The staff's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell (which could only mean it hadn't been cleaned properly) was met with contempt. They did move me, but I did not get an apology. Will not stay again. back here ever. and hot beer. star from me.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
stay at the The James was perfect. My room was thoughtfully designed: the lighting, the storage space, the bar area, the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at. The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating. The restaurant (Primehouse) echoed the above. Great service and one of the best steaks I've had in a very long time. reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there, it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again, we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly, although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do, walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced, over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.	155	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Rooms
had a reservation for 3 rooms with 5 adults and 2 kids, got only 2 rooms on arrival. 2 of the corner rooms with an extra room. During the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a.c., even though we switched it off, it went on cooling, strange! At night it was very loud from the street. In the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and I stood vertically in the bed, not what you need, if you only spend 1 night in a hotel. We came here a few years ago and had it better in mind. The area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places, very good. Clean and fancy. Sorry, but next time we`ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in Chicago. any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well. the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again!	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
Ambassador East Hotel, located in downtown Chicago, is one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed in. My wife and I went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the Ambassador East on a hotel booking website. Their rates are very, very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide. I was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn't find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend. I was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer, which is nice because most places in Chicago are very impersonal. All in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area. 5/5 Stars. and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here, try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!) Stay somewhere else.	120	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Very
hotel is beautiful. It is an excellent location. There was a few minor issues. The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd. There were charges for almost everything, although I did not incur any of these. Our room was a little small for the class of hotel, but not overwhelmingly small. Not a true complaint, but the elevators were very slow. My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip, and the Intercontinental's were significantly slower. That's it, no more little nit picks. The staff was excellent, the doormen being the highlight. The hotel bar was also very nice. The hotel was immaculately clean. I would definitely travel to this hotel again. in the lobby!) clients. Well done! concierge was excellent. in other cities.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
hotel is totally overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service, or lack thereof, was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously, the location is great. Location, however, does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again. Rock on, TripStarr do the same. from now on.... an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
stayed for two nights for a meeting. It is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean. The service was very good, as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable. The rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses. The restaurant has good seafood, but was a bit expensive. We would come back again. very near future.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
Amalfi Hotel Chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away. My husband and I spent a weekend away from the kids there and I must say, we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations. We especially enjoyed the in-room spa service. I recommend the Amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area (you are within walking distance of shopping) with great customer service and luxury accomodations! place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
a frequent traveler to Chicago, I generally stay at the Sutton Court, but thought I would try a different boutique hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet, leaving me absolutely claustrophobic! Actually the smallest hotel room I've been in in the U.S! I complained to the front desk, who then moved me to a "premium" room -- still quite small, but manageably so. The bathroom was tiny, without a vanity, making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room. The location leaves much to be desired, as my room looked out directly onto the El (elevated subway - background noise), and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening. I will say that the free wi-fi was great. If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene, I'd highly recommend you take that. If you want a nice room in a great location, check out Sutton Place hotel instead. This is not. and expensive, experience.	156	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	As
is a beautiful hotel inside and outside. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful, I highly recommend this to anyone. to the city. be coming back! food and attractions. it so much.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city. The staff is very attentive, I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of! The location is great, right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions. My suite was well appointed and very clean. I even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn't find any. The hotel is very luxurious. The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable. The next time I travel to Chicago, I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again. the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel. The overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance. Given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level, this was most disappointing. Nor was I impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff. the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure. whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
I first booked my reservation at this hotel, honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I mean, I'm kind of a music person, but this was my first real experience with a musically "themed" hotel. Upon staying here, however, I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay. The dining accommodations were excellent, and I was served probably some of the best food I've ever eaten at a hotel. It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago, and I wouldn't have to walk too far to see some street performers, or just take in the majesty of the city itself. The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline, and I could've easily sat for hours, just marveling at the city sprawled out before me. The whole "Hard Rock" and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay. If I had to stay here again, I would! for a while. next business trip!	129	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	When
place, great room, great location. Even though there was a big meeting going on (Rainbow Girls in all their enormous gowns) the only consequence for us was slow elevators. Ballroom is amazing, shops on ground floor a nice throwback. Lake views from upper floors -- we were on 17 I think -- are worth it. Concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent. Definitly would return. the magnificant mile.	100	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Great
have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel. The Omni Chicago's age shows, and not in a "great ambiance" way! The rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking. I say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor, almost like mildew, that permeated the first room we were given. Seriously, it brought tears to my eyes! The staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma, but finally agreed to switch us to another room. The new one didn't smell, but was clearly past its prime. Housekeeping was almost nonexistent. We had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels. How can you forget to leave towels for the guests? I'm not one to complain, but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here, we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment. We received neither and will not be returning to the Omni Chicago. stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures, the tv was from the other century, no minibar, no wireless internet, no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room, those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room, small bathroom, rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center, 0,59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection, you have to pay to use word, or excel. NEVER AGAIN!	157	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	great
morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in, I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on, TripStarr do the same. from now on.... an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost 2 hours to get there. By that time, I was so tired I was just ready to check in to my room. I stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk. That was only the beginning. It was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around. I guess it's because they're located in the middle of the downtown area, but they could at least make the walls thicker. I don't want to hear everything going on in my neighbor's room. The bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it. The toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street. The restaurant food was horrible and I would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger. Overall, I was very disappointed with my stay at the Conrad Chicago. again anytime soon. response. Very disappointed. staying somewhere else.	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean & hip feeling of the hotel, but not "too over the top" for "business". By far a better experience than your usual "chain" hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!) clients. Well done! concierge was excellent. in other cities.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?	158	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Let
What a sickening affair; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong. I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms. I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee... I stayed in Chicago for a week; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night!	159	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Eww!
stayed with my husband at the Homewood Suites in Chicago. We wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the Hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay. Unfortunately this was not the case! The staff was very rude at check-in (which took 20 minutes) and the lobby smelled musky and gross. The room itself was not like other Hilton hotels I have stayed at. The carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit, the room smelled of smoke (even though it's advertised as smoke-free) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed! I was so grossed out that I had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it. And don't even get me started on how poorly the shower/bathtub worked..a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is. If I could give it 0 stars, I would! neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel. I travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other 4 star hotel. I reserved a king bed. At checkin I was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade. When i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night. The TV did not work. Had to call for service. The following day returned from work at 6pm and found the room had not even been serviced. Stay somewhere else.	120	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Very
away from home! The suites are amazing with great views of the city. The food is delious and served by an excellent staff. I loved the heated pool on the top floor, very relaxing after a long day of meetings. Great place to stay when your in Chicago!	160	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Home
got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover. 1. There was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor. I kid you not. How can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm? 2. The furniture was severely chipped. Ok. I dont mind chipped furniture if I am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister's apartment. But for 170+ a night, I want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive 3. The receptionist while I was checking in was super curt. I know it was late but isnt that sort of your job? Not everything was horribly bad though. The one star is for the bathroom that was super clean. I do not recommend this place at all. alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed at the monaco for the Labor day weekend when I visited my family in Chicago. It is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life. clean, comfortable and pretty. The rooms were clean and the staff is very caring. I needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink. The front desk had them sent up in less than 10 minutes. I will recommend Monaco to anyone who will be staying in the Chicago area. looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
a terrible experience my family and I had at Affinia Chicago! First of all, we reserved a room with 2 queen size beds and received only 1 King size bed with a cot. When we got to the room, we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there. What an absolute terror Affinia was and I will never be going back! a luxury destination. you visit Chicago. staying here again. here ever again.	161	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	What
husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay! The rooms were large and comfortable. The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous. Room service was really good and quick,eating in the room looking at that view, awesome! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it. Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums. Very friendly staff and knowledgable, you cant go wrong staying here. most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
I sit here in my 14th floor room at the hotel Allegro, I listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left. She seems to have a cough today. In the room on my right, someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit. I hear the water running and the toilet flushing. I also hear footsteps in the room upstairs. Even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms. I've stayed in about a dozen Kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst. The room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains, the curtains with a large brown stain (I don't want to guess what it is), paint peeling, rips in the wallpaper. The decor is a bit garish, with Pepto-Bismol covered walls, green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet. The size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable, but I'm so glad I had earplugs to avoid listening to others' toilets flushing all night. The location is good for downtown theaters or business. Only three elevators serve this 17+ storey building and they run very slowly. Chicago has many nice hotel options -- many I've enjoyed quite a bit. Unfortunately this is not one of them, and even more unfortunate for me: I'm stuck here for two more nights. I was looking forward to staying here because most Kimptons are hip, comfortable and attractive. This is not. and expensive, experience.	156	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	As
stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live. I was there for a week long conference. Although my reservations had been made months in advance, they did not have a suite for me when I arrived, resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night. Once my room was ready, I was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen: barely large enough to move around, and very few utensils to cook with. The pool was only open for limited hours, and I should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit. At night I was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside. My overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite. I will not book here ever again. more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had! The location, service and accommodations were all outstanding!! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room. In the room there was more than enough space, which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels. My only gripe was the room was a little dark. Sure, staying at a small, upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it. The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed. The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked, however, the food was good quality. Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center. Finally, the location is PERFECT!! It's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast, which has many very good restaurants. A personal favorite of mine is Mario's, a nice Italian place nearby. Overall, my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were, for the most part, insignificant. stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
hotel cannot be beat for location, price, & atmosphere. The location is ideal, at the corner of State & Kinzie. There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around, including House of Blues & Harry Caray's. We stayed in a "Corner King" room. The room was amazing. Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows. Even just being on the 5th floor, we had great views of the surrounding area. The decor and amenities are unmatched. The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious. The hotel is easy to miss from street level, but shouldn't be. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North, State Street shopping, or Clark Street nightlife. Even if you'll be on the Mag Mile, this is a short cab ride away. We've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice! have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
decent place to stay. The people are nice enough, yet the atmosphere was not what I was expecting. The rooms were not very spacious, nor welcoming. So many places to eat, yet the food was very pricey and average. I would stay here again possibly, but I feel like I could find a better option for a better price. beds feel like!)	101	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	A
you're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all, nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again. The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem (they told me that it happens to the upper floors, and I wasn't even staying on the highest floor!) as if that makes it ok. I can look past the "rustic" decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash, but c'mon, a girl's gotta shower.	131	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	When
stayed here in the last weekend of September 2010 for the Bears vs Packers Monday Night game. My room rocked! I had a pretty big flat screen, and a super soft bed. The room was clean and stylish, and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out. My favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home. I definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax. my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
received the type of room that I had reserved. Cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff. The carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention. Room service was adequate but not great. The walls seem to be paper then as I heard one neighbor's TV for most of the night and the other neighbor's late enjoyment. Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return. the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
recently visited Chicago. I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago. First of all I did not enjoy the welcome as i checked in to the hotel. My hotel price was off the roof and i only used it to sleep and eat breakfast. The food served was not up to par I felt like it was a cheap "free" lunch. My room was crowded and my waste baskets did not have bags in them. My toilet paper row was half way finished when I checked in. I felt that the house keepers gave us dirty looks as we went in and out of the room. I did not feel safe, I had to hide my valuables and I kept the "BUSY" sign on the door so no one would enter and take stuff. The rooms did not appear as they do on their website, it is actually the opposite. Looked to me like a regular motel inn but I paid way more than I would have at an actual motel inn. I did not appreciate that none of the electrical outlets worked and my phone was dead for my whole duration of the trip. I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone. with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
travel to chicago quite often, and have stayed at a bunch of hotels. I stayed at Conrad a couple of times. My impression was not too good. Both times the receptionist was quite cold and I didn't feel welcome at all. The room was noisy. Thin walls, and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about. One time the tv was broken too, and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it... Anyway, given that this is a 4.5 star hotel, it really didnt live up to my expectations. After the 1st time at this hotel, I thought I might give it a second try. After the 2nd time, I decided I am really not coming back, especially given that there are so many other hotels close by. The other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel. So I guess I am not alone in this... check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :(	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one. First of all the prices for one night are extremely high. The workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities. Then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep. Also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting. The beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all. Overall i am very disappointed with this hotel. was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro. The previous times, I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro. But my reaction has soured on this place. We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping. From the very start, this year was a disappointment. I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro. I was quoted one price (higher than what was on line), when I mentioned this, I was told I could have the lower price. At check in, the desk was nice but not friendly. We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past (punishment for asking for a lower price?) The closet had no hangers, we had no place to put our suitcase. No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening. On the second day, we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing. It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one. I wrote the management following our stay. I have yet to receive a reply. Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time. I would advise others to do the same. from now on.... an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
the hotel is beautiful. The service was great. All the employees were friendly and always willing to help. My room on the North end had a great view of the city and the Chicago River. The bed and big fluffy pillows were very comfortable and relaxing. The only downfalls were parking and the fitness room. Parking was a little on the pricey side and not exactly as close to the hotel as one would think it should be. The hotel itself is huge with over 1500 rooms, so you may feel like your getting your daily exercise in just walking from your room to the fitness center depending on where your room is located.	162	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Overall,
I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before, this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation.	163	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	While
booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website, I arrived tired from Ireland, to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night, but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day, I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course, the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back.	164	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Having
boyfriend and I wanted to spend a four-day weekend in downtown Chicago and do all the touristy things; shop the Magnificient Mile, see Shedd aquarium, go to the museum of Science and Industry. Homewood Suites was conveniently located near all of these things. It was a luxurious treat of a weekend! We even swam in their rooftop indoor pool. It was also nice to have the amenities of a suite, so we could prepare our own meals some days. The staff was friendly and courteous (they even gave me an extra pillow on request!) and we would definitely stay there again. wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
I thought was going to be a romantic Chicago Weekend turn out to be lackluster. The Swissotel Chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not. First my reservation was messed up instead of getting "the classic room with a view" we were put in what I guess is their classic king. The view was nothing to write home about. When I called the front desk to complain about the situation I was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid. I asked how could this happen when I got a confirmation? The clerk simply said "probably a glitch sorry is there anything else I can help you with?" At the point I hung up the phone as I knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen. When we checked out I told a manager what happened and He said there was nothing we can do sorry" I expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination. you visit Chicago. staying here again. here ever again.	161	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	What
considering several hotels in the area, my family and I finally decided, unfortunately, on Homewood Suites, for our long weekend vacation. Overall, the experience left much to be desired. The breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries. The linens on one of our beds seemed dirty, and when I told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced, the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude. I would not come back here ever. and hot beer. star from me.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
was recently a guest at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and was immensely dissatisfied. I arrived to find that they had "lost" my reservation. They told me they were booked solid even though I had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation. After nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in. He was almost helpful. He searched the database and found that there was a "cancellation"; however, it was not for the type of room I had reserved. I had asked for a suite as I was going to be staying in the hotel for several days. I was given a box with a bed in it. They made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation. Unfortunately, I was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked. I had no choice but to accept what they had offered. I begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here. Do not stay in this hotel they will NOT help you with anything, even if it was their error. demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
Talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay. I was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated & was in a good location. Unfortunately, it just didn't live up to the hype. "Recently renovated" apparently means it was redone in the last decade, not the last year. It was just very tired-looking. Also very disappointing was the food, and the service was hit or miss. I expected better from a hotel of this caliber. Bottom line, there are better places with better value. Stay elsewhere. did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again!	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood. Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love! Everything from the colors, the staff, the architecture, and the pricing were AMAZING! We couldn't have found a better hotel. The service was impeccable..talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return.. I can't wait until then! M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
had wanted to stay in this hotel since I had heard about how historic it is and I was highly disappointed with my stay there. The room that I was given was dirty and when I went back to the front desk to inquire about it, they disregarded my concerns. It took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome. I did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long. I left that night but not before demanding a refund. expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
for 3 nights. booked via hotwire, upgraded to historic tower. Got a big room, with a nice view.Service was great. Valet parking was efficient, but you expect it for 53 doller/night. But the location was the best stay here again! good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
initial thought of the hotel was, this place is just ok, I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good, its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv, traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event, I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again! coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
my husband and I went to Amalfi Hotel we were expecting first class service. First, when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked. Room service took forever and the food was subpar. Supposedly they had planners to help explore the area, but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner. The spa staff seemed incompetent. The only positive things I can say about Amalfi Hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised. I give this hotel two stars. Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. in the rooms.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again! Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best.	41	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	A
was for a King size bed, instead I was given a double-bed room. Check-in person must had a bad hair day, because she was unfriendly. Wall St Journal or USA Today is not complimentary. Requested a room that is away from the noisy elevator, but given a room next to a service elevator which is more noisy. I didn't bother to file a formal complain because I was very tire. I travel often to Chicago for business and the first will be the last at Intercontinental.	165	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Reservation
service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning. I was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in, definitely no fun after such a long flight. There were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which I did not order. to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary. I told my wife that I would take care of everything. I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location, it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features. The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine. The problems for us started when we went to our room. I have sinus problems, so I didn't notice the smell in our room, and my wife didn't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend. We couldn't find the remote for our television and we didn't call down, we were trying to be good sports. We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn't have a pool or hot tub, swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation. Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room. My wife and I don't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee. If that wasn't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control.	166	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Superhigh
stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a fun weekend in Chicago. The standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable. I love a hotel with all white sheets because then I know it's clean. I really liked the simple and modern decor, especially the huge upholstered headboard. Nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter. The bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home. The staff was friendly. Can't really judge the service because I didn't have any problems or complaints. So I didn't have a reason to interact with the staff much. Overall, it was a very nice hotel in a great location. Will definitely stay here again on my next visit. come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel, and it has changed for the worse. We kept having to remind them we booked a package, because we were being over-charged separately for everything, when it should have been included. We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival, and did not. Two phone calls and three hours later, it finally showed up. We tried to have a drink in the bar, and even though we were the ONLY people there, three servers/bartenders came and went, talking to each other, not one of them acknowledging us. After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink. And don't bother to pay extra for "City View"; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor, looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see. Oh yes, the valet lost his cell phone in someone's car, and called me at home today to see if we found it. He wanted me to call him back at home. Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff, huh? For the money, stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better.	167	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Well,
recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed. When I arrived, the desk clerk was really slow checking me in. I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster. I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor. The elevator ride seemed to take forever. I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great, but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table. I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it. I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever. The meal was good, but my waitress was very uptight. On my way back to my room, I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up. It would have been nice to actually get it though. The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call. I was very upset and let them know. Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given. For the price, quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given, I would expect better service. ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had "wet paint" stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay. Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were "at home." The suite on the 25th floor, with a fab view along a wall of windows, was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was "like-new" and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff, a fantastic location, and chic decorating elements, this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet.	168	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We've
found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack! The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night. I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay. and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
stayed there on October 6, 2012. When I pulled the covers of my bed, there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice, which was either a bed bug or cockroach. I trapped it under a glass (see the attached pictures) and called the front desk. The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach. Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem, failing to follow through on promises they made to me. Setting aside the bug problem, I caution that the windows are quite thin. We could hear a lot of the street noise, which made for a hard night's sleep, not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms. For $400 a night after tax, I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives. in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Sheraton Chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience Chicago. There are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do, and there aren't even any shuttles that will bring you around town. The food in the restaurant at the Hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries, and makes no attempt to emulate the Chicago culture. There are a million other hotels in Chicago, and this is one of the most average. The rooms are fairly decent sized, but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars. The view is nothing special, and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls. a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary. This place is fantastic! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful!! The area of the hotel is great, since I love to shop I couldn't ask for more!! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago. Betsy M, Louisville, KY staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery. My room reservations had been double booked, and instead of the suite I expected, I was given a much smaller guest room. Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches. The dining left me wishing for fast food. The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer. star from me.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . Rooms are small, dirty, and in no way represents the web sites representations. Staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment. At best it is a 3 star facility ands with so many options in Chicago, "please" avoid this one. I had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms.	169	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Truly
here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again! good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
the Amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on TA. This is basically a Holiday Inn. Half of the rooms overlook an alley / loading dock. The hotel is not more than 6 or 7 flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at 5 am. At 530, when you are just nodding off again, they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast. This is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank. Any room within 100 feet of the elevators will hear the noise. Reception was a bit tacky and the "staff" was a little rough around the edges. I didn't see a single business travellers while I was there. Valet parking was expensive (usual for Chicago) but was very slow. Just ok. Explore other options.	170	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	IMO
stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend. We paid $130/night, and it was definitely a bargain. The suite was huge - living room with a couch, two chairs, desk; large bathroom; bedroom; two closets. The room had recently been renovated, and was very clean. Comfortable bed, friendly staff, great location (near the train and bus), evening wine reception and morning coffee provided. While the Allegro isn't a five-star hotel, it is a great place for the money. (Note: a friend stayed in a non-suite room, and reported that it was very small. Upgrade if possible). helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast. a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
room itself was fine and comfortable(very peaceful), but the customer service by the so-called, concierge or "experience something or the others" left much to be desired. First, I arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk. I was not greeted with the usual "Hello, welcome to...". Instead, I got, "Your name? ID?" No, "hello", no "welcome to the Amalfi Hotel," just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning! That left a very bad taste in my mouth, but I decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was. our loss financially. can count on. areas are best. we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
went to stay at this hotel last year. I have got to say it was a great authentic experience, the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff. Its location couldn't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping. Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful. It is very affordable. I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town. Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok, I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton. I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop, but thought I'd try a more modern hotel. PROS - location by the Chicago River, two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes, crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good, but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive: bathtub-shower combination; worn plumbing fixtures; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small: only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge couldn't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre, nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed staying here again.	40	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	After
just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be. When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor. Almost like a public bathroom. The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative. She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting. The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks. After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast. The food there tastes and looks like vomit. The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell. The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay. It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
experience at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was not very pleasant. When we first arrived at the hotel we were greeted by our "Experience Designer" who was not the friendliest of people. Also, me and my husband tossed and turned all night on their very uncomfortable bed. For the price, I would have expected a more luxurious experience. recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
all, my trip was great; I got to spend time with my best friend. We did some shopping and site seeing. Trip was overall great. The only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels I have stayed at. Some of the walls had wall paper missing, most of the faucets leaked, there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms, some of the furniture had very visible stains, the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom. we stayed in the corner suite on the 37 floor room 3711. Considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity. I do not plan on staying there again. Apart from the trip was great![]	171	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Over
husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago this past summer. Needless to say we will not be returning! The Hotel is very overpriced for what you get. Upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had. The bed was very uncomfortable and the "fully-stocked honor bar" was stocked with only a few choices. The shower did not even work!We booked the King Suite with Jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi. I would not recommend this place! both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her.	172	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Sometimes
Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay. all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary	173	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Although
was looking for an unique, hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown Chicago. My choice for hotel was obvious: Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. If you are wondering whether Hard Rock Hotels are schmaltzy or cliche, they are not. Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is modern, trendy and hip. It had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the 40 stories, and there are details that you won't find elsewhere. For example, one interesting perk is some free iTunes downloads (I got ten) for guests. It's a fun place, hosting events such as Jack Daniel's 160th birthday. a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro. The lobby gave a good first impression. It was a very clean with a modern designer's feel and the customer service was great. I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room. I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight. I checked into my room. The room was great. A king size bed 37" flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture. After I unpacked I had to check my email. Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting. I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast. I had an omelet and fruit. The restaurant was great and the food was perfect. I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch; nevertheless duty called. The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. It's one of the best I've ever stayed at after multiple business trips.	174	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	During
recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say, it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city. In the past, I've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I'd go with a boutique hotel. I've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco. Basically, I like the friendly, real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I've used before. I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use. South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants. I really dug the complimentary coffee, high speed internet and newspaper. I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service. All in all, I will return to the Monaco. It's a great alternative. possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile, Navy Peir, The museum of contemperary art, lake michigan and upscale boutiques. This hotel is great for tourest. it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets. It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy. IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws, while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar. Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in.	175	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Sofitel
hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy, the staff were still helpful. The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean, bright and spacious also. I'd definitely recommend this hotel too, it's close to the magnificant mile.	100	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Great
hotel is almost always very helpful. This stay caused me to re-think if I like the Palmer House. I had dirty covers for the bed. It was also the smallest room in the hotel I am sure. My husband and I usually come 8 times each year. He is there doing Business and CTA work. We are not pleased with the size of the room at all now. Rooms have always had two chairs, desk, and usually 22 by 25 feet. Not this room on the 11th floor. It was only 15 X 17 approx. The service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time. In the past we had a bell man steal a $300. pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially. can count on. areas are best. we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
have traveled to Chicago many times for business, and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons. There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton, but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel. It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs. The carpets were old, there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, towels and linens were older than I expected, the rooms were in need of some redecorating, etc. during the week I was paying $349 per night for a room, and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price. One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good. Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs, weights, etc. location is also quite good (perhaps the reason for the high price) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river. In summary, I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago. to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel. For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite. Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist. Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name, but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn't spell! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me. We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food. It was alright but nothing out of this world. We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere. All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us. in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers. I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso. It made attending the conference uncomfortable. The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room, as the conference had booked the whole hotel. After the sheets were changed, I got no more bites, thankfully. Despite this, I managed to enjoy the stay. I liked the location next to the river, and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile. the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park. at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
hotel was chosen by my husband's company as the family came along for the business trip. The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor. My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean. The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance, but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long. Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there. I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President's club and wi-fi in the room would be free. We signed up for the club, but were puzzled as to why they don't just offer everyone free wi-fi. Parking fees were exorbitant at $58/night, but thankfully the company was paying for this. We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel. The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities. There is no swimming pool, but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door (there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there). We loved the Swissotel's pool on the 42nd floor. Fantastic views from the pool! Although the beds were comfortable, my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay. Unfortunately we didn't know until the next day after we returned home. Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear. My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips. The bites made you want to claw your skin off! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all. Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom!!! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on.... an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
entering my hotel room at The Palmer House Hilton I immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom. After placing my bags on a poorly made bed I walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet. I immediately called room service and asked for a new room. They apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess. After oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door. She seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if I should have been the one dealing with it. After the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip. I hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room. I thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod. Yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor. And nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air. When I was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own. If I wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa. After giving up on a nice television program I decided to retire to bed. Egyptian sheets? Right! All I can say is I found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour. If you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel.	176	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Upon
traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth: eventually the lodging deteriorates. But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time! I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades. Yes, changes have been made, like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance, most recently. But other things have gone downhill. For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service. Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions. This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott, but not this less-than-maintained lodging. I, personally, am shopping for a new home away from home.	177	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Any
beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.	178	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Move
is best hotel bargin in Chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room. Great hotel just redone by Kimpton. This is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels. This is a location just off of LaSalle and next to the Cadillac theater. It has a 4 star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing Italian meal. The wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants. The Kimptons have a social hour 5 to 6 with wine at all of their hotels. You sit in a designer, kind of London circa 1968 couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests. They are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it. The exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well. There are two other Kimptons here but for the money the Allegro is the best value and location. Always consider Kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them. Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best. large and clean. on the website.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
got an awesome deal through Priceline for a Friday - Sunday stay at $75 for each night. The hotel is very centrally located on Michigan Avenue "The Magnificent Mile". You can walk to a ton of shops & there are plenty of restaurants handy as well. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the room itself was gorgeous. Very modern decor. Not drab & typical like most other chain hotels. If staying in Chicago we definitely will be staying there again. Price for valet parking overnight was insane ($42/day), but what do you expect in a big city. new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
InterContinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure. Nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown Chicago, the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm. From the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high Romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites, the InterContinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler. Book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
room's heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room. Second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens (which we didn't notice until morning-eeewwhh!). The computer, scale and ink pen didn't work. The maintainance man took 30 mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet. This room was quiet and the bed/pillows comfortable. The bath was large and water warm.	3	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	First
stayed at the Monaco-Chicago back in April. I was in town on business, and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine. Having spent a weekend there, I have no idea what my friend was talking about. The complimentary morning coffee was weak; the fitness room was dimly lit; and I thought I'd have to have my clothes mailed back to me when I used their supposed "overnight" laundry service for a suit I spilled some wine on. My room was adequate, but nowhere near what I've seen elsewhere at this price point. Recent renovation must be slang for "everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive." The mattress in my room was incredibly firm, and I slept poorly. When I travel, I expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home. At most hotels, I receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations. This was an exception to my usual, and I won't be back anytime soon. to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
NOT stay at this hotel! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago. Though it was a bit pricy, we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location, and the rooms looked large and well-kept. Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time. However, despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay, when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room. The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us, and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late. To top it off, the maid service was terrible. The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed; no vacuuming, no fresh towels, etc. We didn't want to stay the third night, but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee. This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide, you'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.	179	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Do
East is an awesome hotel!!! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel. My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite. Very clean room with great space. The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though. The staff was extremely courteous, especially the concierge. If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room. The restaurant is full of nostalgia, the staff is great, and the food is excellent. Great atmosphere and music.	180	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Ambassador
sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor, there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights, beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise, that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you, I paid for the wifi, and still we were unable to get on. Lastly, my sister and I split the bill, I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful, it is NOT worth the money. in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago. never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
can't recall another time I've had to deal with such rude front desk help. While pleasant initially, as soon as I demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that I was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in (I arrived prior to check-in time, so they were holding a few bags), the true quality of this establishment surfaced. Never mind that the luggage wasn't sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for 15 minutes at 7:30pm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop. While that was a bit annoying, the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of Donna, the very attractive but aloof front desk employee. Her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness, as I noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay, including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning. I also booked a rate that included parking, which Donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately; I assume after I got on her bad side. Even with my last polite good bye to the front desk, I felt a phony, uppity attitude from Donna, and I really can't convey the extent of how insulting it felt. I can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy. Great location as well. To be fair, most of the staff seemed very friendly, and I am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier. But I think most travelers, like me, would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service, so as to not have a "situation" that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience. Unfortunately, that was the case here. much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip. This is a tremendous, towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area. My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense. The effort has been worthwhile. My room was very large and well furnished, with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle. It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue. There is a superb recreation centre (with an impressive swimming pool) beautiful bars and a good restaurant, Zest, that serves a great breakfast. There is wifi in the rooms ($9.95 per day) and tea and coffee making facilities. No trouser press, but there is an ironing board and iron. The staff is friendly and anxious to please. I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms. It's expensive, but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago.	181	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Spent
got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel! a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel. reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
were at the Hotel Allegro for an Industry Analyst event. I could not have expected worse. At first glance, you figured it couldn't be too bad as a Kimpton. The unfortunate issue - service and the people were excellent. However, the rooms just sucked. Imagine your normal hotel room and 1/3 that size. Cramp in a king size bed and add a bathroom that's also 1/3 the size. The building has that old hotel smell where things are musky but covered up with some paint smell. The bathroom has showers with modern fixtures but remind you of that nyc studio you rented with 5 other people out of college. The paints peeling on the base boards, the carpet is new, but something is wrong. I would stay at the Marriott, Renaissance, Westin, or any where else. to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep. Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever. First, when I went to check in, I was completely ignored by the staff, they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in. When I got to my room, all the way on the 23rd floor, the room was dirty and had not been cleaned. So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room. I went back to check and the new room was dirty also. There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom. It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean. All I can say is YUCK! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms. I felt like I was staying at a $30 a night roach motel, not the $250 a night Sheraton. My advise is to stay away. with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food, wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi. Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend. the concierge desk. of the best. large and clean. on the website.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. It was a hot summer day and I turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out. I called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it. I felt the person I spoke to was rude to me. They were not accepting responsibility, but talking down to me as if I was stupid. After waiting 30 minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower. This was not a service person. He could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem I was having. He expected a tip and complained when I did not give him one. Nobody came up after that. I was told I could switch to a different room, so I had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor. The shower did work in this other room, but I didn't have the view of the city that I had in the first room. I was looking at a brick wall. Plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night. I complained and the hotel staff told me they were VIPs and could not do anything about the noise. This hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable. Do not go to the Omni Hotel. I've stayed in $50 a night motels with better service. know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business, but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago. When I arrived, my reservation could not be found in their system, although I had made it myself. After some words with the manager on duty, Mr. Chad Montgomery, I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate. Anyone can make a mistake, so I wasn't too angry at that point. My room was bland and colorless, in spite of The James' boasts of their attention to design and detail. The room was mostly clean, but after seeing the stains on the bedding, I am not convinced that they were washed after the room's last occupant. I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night, complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy, disgruntled waitstaff. Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order. I was assured that I would enjoy "Asha's Purifying Shower Ritual", which would primarily take place in my own room. The shower was okay, but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided, because I broke out in hives all over my body. Next came the "in-room" portion. While I was in the shower, five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room. I guess they were supposed to make it smell good, but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room. My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion, but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking. I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu. In closing, if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago, I beg of you to reconsider. With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel, and a suitcase full of negative (including a pending court case against the masseuse), I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there. I know I do. in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
here on business a few nights and really liked it. Very attractive, classy and comfortable hotel that's got an element of sexy and sharp. Public spaces are very nice, with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas. Rooms are lovely as well, with handsome fixtures and furniture, a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed. Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well. Best of all, the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake. If you're working in the area, it's the best choice for that part of town, and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco. my favourite city. I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me. Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly. I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room, which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight, and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago. After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit.	182	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	From
recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago, IL, and boy was I surprised. The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious. In fact, the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating. As if this were not enough, the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the "fresh" towels. Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls. to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend. stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city. I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, the Chicago Opera Theater, The House of Blues, and the hottest night clubs. At $200.00 per night, you can expect the very best from your staff, and your accomodations. When I arrived for my weekend stay, I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art, and eclectic style. After reaching my room, I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows. I didn't choose to use the spa this trip, but when I come back, it will be the first item on my list! The business office was great, because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour. Breakfast was delicious. I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I'm in town, she'll have to stay at Amalfi with me, instead of commuting. She really missed out! -Atlanta Girl- recommend this place.	183	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Amalfi
location, location. What a great find! Excellent, well-run, small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it. Rooms are good-sized and clean; good bed and shower with tub. The air conditioner, as mentioned in other reviews, is noisy, but it's a minor complaint. The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge. The on site restaurant is great. The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze. You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I would not have a moment's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future; in fact, I wouldn't book anywhere else.	184	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Location,
recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, and it was one of the absolute worse travel experiences that I ever had. One of the main reasons why I had originally booked my stay at the Fairmont was because the property offered special, "pure" rooms and suites that are supposed to be hypoallergenic. Because I suffer from extreme allergies -- and I really hate the thought of a less-than-pristine hotel room -- I was happy to pay extra for a room that was supposed to be specially designed for guests with environmental sensitivities. I'll tell you this right now -- save your money. When I got to my room, I immediately detected the distinct smells of cigarette smoke and mold. To add to the gross factor, I took a look around and noticed dust on the lamps and light fixtures as well as dirt on the carpet. The comforter on the bed looked messy as well -- as if someone had recently used the bed and then hastily threw the comforter back over it. There was no way I was going to stay in this room, so I made my way back to the check-in desk and politely informed them of the problems with my room. The woman at the front desk told me there were no other rooms available and it was only after we practically got into a yelling match that she grudgingly started typing away at her computer. After making me wait for another twenty minutes, she finally informed me that they could put me in another room, but it would be a four hour wait. Four hours! It was absolutely ridiculous. No hotel -- much less one that constantly touts some sort of promise of superior customer service -- should ever treat any of its customers this way. I do not recommend the Fairmont nor will I ever stay there again. an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand. My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary. After looking at several hotels in the "Magnificent Mile" territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad. The Conrad's website impressed us immediately. The pictures of the rooms were lovely, they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions, not that we were planning to watch much tv. We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system, I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system. In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September. My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online, most impressed with the view. It cost a pretty penny, more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations, but her happiness was worth it. Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad. Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife's purse when unloading the luggage. We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it. At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system. I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost. By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay. That ended when we found out that our "view" was of a back alley service corridor. So much for the skyline. Overall, the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow. I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up. The spa had very limited hours as well. Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams, away from the hotel. It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count. I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago. I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago. I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms, but wouldn't have cleaned out so much of my wallet.	185	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Advertised
wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago. Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book. for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59.	186	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Staff
flying to the windy city for business. After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel, the much-hyped Conrad. You've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window. That's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride. That's the opposite of how it turned out. I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone. I approached and they didn't even hang up. They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown. I don't care. It's late. I have meetings the next day. I try to check in and they say they can't find my reservation. This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me! Finally, they check me in and don't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags. This isn't a cheap room. It's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect. I get to my room and I open the door and it's someone else's room! Somehow they've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person's room. Worse yet, the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room. I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room. Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow. Seriously? How can the maid not notice. The bed was made. Someone must've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows. This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay. Needless to say, neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.	187	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Imagine
are many high-quality hotels in Chicago. There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago. With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service, it is just a combination for trouble, We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in. No Room. One hour after their posted check in time and nothing. No apology, no offer for upgrade, no discount. Nothing. As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list. smoking beside you.	188	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	There
a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East, I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel, there was no in-room directory, the carpet was torn and stained, no phone book, the refigerator and honor bar had been removed, and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms, and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue, as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge, she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all, a very disappointing, and expensive, experience. stay here again.	156	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	As
Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself! stay anyplace else.	189	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Fantastic
location in Chicago downtown. The staff is professional and warm. The room is spacious and clean. Nice complimentartry breakfast. I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago. minutes! 5 stars!!!	65	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Great
checked into this hotel, Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day, I woke up with bed bug bites, numerous, on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered, which they did. Interestingly, no one from the management, other than the security guy who came when we first complained, even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day, I called as I forgot something in the previous room, only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting! be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and it was not a good experience. The room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into. When I called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room, it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up, and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be. Will not be staying at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park again.	190	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Stayed
LOVED this hotel. The room was so chic and trendy, the bed was comfortable, great slippers and robes. I love the Keihl's bath products in the bathroom. We went during my birthday weekend, and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room. We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo, but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago, the deal was gone. I really recommend the hotel. I LOVED it. The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse. The service was horrible, they switched our order with the table next to our's and the only compensation was they took off a $7 side dish we ordered (and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DIDN'T get). DON'T go there. Go to the Lawry's accross the street. But stay at the James. (BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star) stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
hotel has a great location, and very friendly staff. However, the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition. I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years. Rooms have not been well maintained (old carpets frayed at doors), wall paper peeling off of the walls, TV's from the 80's. There is currently construction going on in the lobby area, making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door. worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh!	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
Omni Chicago is hands down, the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area. I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy. Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully, one of the many perks at this hotel, they provide one for you in your room! That's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer! I have never had a massage like that before! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests. I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done. I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room. A big plasma with a beautiful, crisp picture! I don't even have that at home! Needless to say, I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago. That's a promise. a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
the James was once considered an elegant, chic establishment, it has lost its luster. The small rooms are filled with cheap Ikea type furnishings, Our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain. Showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing. The 2 small elevators could not handle the guests, and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time. The thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night. It was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing, but also rather tacky & unsettling. It took more then 30 minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out. This hotel has lost it and the James sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in New York's Soho when they try to open in September. New Yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence. happened. ...read more at all possible. to another hotel.	63	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	While
never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!! Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again. convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic, its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible. They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service. The television was not working at all. I was extremely disapointed, especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax. Sadly, i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment. The Wifi was a bust. Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall. I am never going to James Hotel ever again!	85	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	James
is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk. of the best. large and clean. on the website.	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to attend a corporate meeting. To say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement. I stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels. My room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style. A fully stocked refreshment center, wet bar, and LCD HD TV were amongst the standard items. The Allegro is in the center of everything, the Chicago Loop of the financial district, the Chicago Theatre district, great shopping on Slate Street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel (I suggest the 312 Lunch Club). The fitness room is well equipped and clean. The professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the Allegro. My next visit to the Chicago area will definitely include a stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago. a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again!	191	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	i
stayed here through Hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- $60 some odd dollars nightly for a 2 night stay last May. The room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel, but it was very clean, tastefully decorated and cozy. We had a great vacation, walking all over town until we ended up near the Planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of Chicago and were just wow. So anyway, the hotel is great, the service was great, the room was very nice- I would recommend this hotel to anyone though I work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person's comment about how she wasn't able to get adjoining rooms, well, internet sites don't guarantee things like that anyway- you've got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that. There's a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type/location is guaranteed. 5 stars out of 5 for this hotel. so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
is excellent, but don't valet your car there,(53.00 a day). Bed was to soft, pillows were flat, we couldn't open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way. All in all not what you'd expect from a hotel in that area.	192	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Location
wife and I were excited to visit and shop at Chicago's Magnificent Mile on Michigan Ave. We chose the Intercontinental Hotel for it's reputation and location. Man oh man, were we disappointed. The check in was smooth enough even though the hotel was busy and all seemed well. We got ready to go out shopping and went to visit the concierge in the lobby to ask about suggestions and bargains. There were six people in line for her and we had to wait. That was no problem since we weren't on a timetable. When we finally got to her and asked about shopping on the Miracle Mile, she just pointed to the door and said, "It's right out the door." I asked her for suggestions of the best stores for bargains and she rolled her eyes at me saying, "there's no such thing." I couldn't believe her abruptness. We left the concierge stand not wanting to return. Shopping went well and was fun. We returned to our room and wanted to look up a restaurant for the night ourselves rather than ask the concierge. We couldn't find a hotel directory in the room. I called the Housekeeping Department and was told, "we're all out of directories here in the office." I asked if they could check a vacant room for one. She said the hotel was full and there were no vacant rooms. I hung up and thought I would just look for a restaurant in the yellow pages. Guess what? You guessed it, no phone book in the room. I figured we could go get a drink at The Bar, the hotel's 20's themed lounge, and ask the bartender for suggestions. We went to The Bar and there were only three other customers. We sat at the bar and got our drinks. As I was about to ask the bartender for restaurant suggestions, his cell phone rang. He answered it and went to the other end of the bar to talk. Twenty minutes later, he was still on the phone. Tired and hungry, my wife and I went back to our room and ordered a pizza to be delivered from Pizza Hut. Although the hotel is nice enough and the furnishings comfortable, the indifference of the staff will keep me from ever coming back. A big thumbs down to the Intercontinental Chicago. They need to look up the word hospitality in the dictionary. before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
Downtown Chicago Hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions. Staying with a Hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always, the room was clean and impeccably neat, the staff friendly and very capable. The wireless access and big flat screen TV were an added plus too! Best of all, it is a pet-friendly hotel, something that is unusual in bigger city 4-diamond hotels. Thanks, Chicago Hilton, for a great stay! rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
took my family to the Affinia Chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous. My kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by. My wife was really stoked with Spaffina. The pampering and really made her feel special. And they are very attentive to pets also. My dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention.The hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels, so their Stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also. My favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content, which left me free to go over to Underground Wonderbar for a nice cocktail. safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
returned from the James Hotel after staying at the Park Hyatt. I have stayed at most Chicago Hotels: Pennisula, Four Seasons, The Ritz, Fairmont etc. Had heard a little about the James and the Primehouse at the James. We paid MORE for the room at the James then at any of the above mentioned hotels. What a disappoitment! The room we stayed in had 2 double beds. The toilet broke and overflowed, the tub didnt drain while showering and the HUGE bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times. The closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all. The room was very small and non descript. Much like staying at an IKEA but without the color. Windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small. The staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly. The room had a huge 52" plasma TV that was nice. There is NO way this hotel is 4 star yet. The room rate close to $500.00 a night was WAY of of line. We paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels. The rate should have been about half of that.	193	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Just
you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered. The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can. The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected. When you enter your room the decor catches your eye. Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it. The restroom tub is large and made of marble. The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home. I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while. next business trip!	129	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	When
really loved my stay at the Talbott. My room was amazing! The bathroom (and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms) had ample room for all of my stuff, which is a bonus for me. The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly. I was afraid that I'd get a little lost, since it was my first trip to Chicago, but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area (Rush St./Michigan Ave.-- which are *very* close by). The hotel reminded me of those I'd stayed at in Europe. The room service is 24 hours, which for me, was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights. This is the *only* place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again. For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city, this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable. a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed at the Allegro Hotel while interviewing for a position in Chicago. I read the reviews and they were mixed, but since the property was suggested by the organization (due to location), I booked a room. True to the reviews, the room was extremely small, was cold (the heater blew in cold air in -2 degree weather), and just generally uncomfortable. There was no closet so I hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room. The bathroom was extremely small and although tidy, not especially clean (it was dusty). The bed (which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full) was quite low and the sheets were hard. Because I arrived late, I ordered room service. There was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk/table sideways. Although there is free wireless (a plus), I kept getting kicked out of the system and had to, no lie, reconnect on-line a record 16 times. Finally, to top it all off, the television stopped working just a little before midnight. I was only there for one evening (not even 12 hours) but that was enough for me. This is supposed to be a 4 star boutique hotel but I've stayed at better 2 star properties. On the positive side, the staff is nice and friendly, the food is reasonably good, and the lobby is really vibrant. There is a martini bar (although as I was coming in, a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey) that looked interesting. Overall though, not the best stay I've had. I won't be staying again. in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel. However, modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks. Room service is available 24 hours a day, but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service. Two bars are located on the premises, which is appealing at first. Once inside, patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy, of any kind. The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean, but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine. Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult. If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience, with reliable customer service, booking a room here is probably not a viable option. a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site. sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
was very unsatisfied with my stay at the Allegro. The front desk clerk seemed very put out when we walked up to her window. After giving her our confirmation number she let us know that our rooms were not ready yet. This came as a surprise to me since we arrived late in the day and check in had already began. After waiting an hour to check in we were not able to get the room features that we had requested. We were informed that they were "only requests" and not a guarantee. Room service was also very slow and appeared to be understaffed. When we finally got someone to answer the phone they were out of most everything we wanted. The food took an eternity to reach the room and the order wasn't exactly right either. This is not the kind of service I expected from an upscale hotel. be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
hotel was very nice; Service was great, everyone was very friendly. The room was very elegant and classy. The bed was so comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system. Not bad. Overall I had a great experience; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room, I left here well rested and happy. within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
right in the heart of downtown Chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip. The first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is, and how clean the rooms are (even compared to other luxury hotels) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the Terrace and get a drink, i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed, i've had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones, once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent, bed was soft and the TV didn't appear burned out at all. Overall i give this a five out of five, the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect, i wish i could have stayed longer.	194	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Located
hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed, nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The "fitness center" is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated "warm, Irish hospitality" and short of a barman, no one was Irish, warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off. come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh!	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
here for three nights recently,From check in to check out all Staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us,directions,restaurants, transport,nothing was too much trouble,The dinner from monday to thursday 5-7 was a wonderful surprise,also the breakfast was more than adequet,Stayed on the 15th floor and slept soundly,Hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller.Restaurants and shopping all within 5-10 mins.	195	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Hi,Stayed
were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile. The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail. The quality of service was excellent, the staff professional, and the location was perfect. There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms. The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave. There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city. There really weren't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.	196	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	There
wife & I celebrated our anniversary at the Knickerbocker & could not have been treated better. Before we were out of our cab, our bags had been loaded on a cart & we were walked into the hotel by a doorman. The rooms were well appointed & the entire hotel staff was very friendly. This is a prime location for shopping, sightseeing or nightlife. would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways, rooms, carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location, daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!	197	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Maybe
husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in March, 2006. We had a great time! We were upgraded to a suite, and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with Mr. Bubbles, animal print robes, and a luxurious king- sized bed! THe suite was very nice, and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street. It was very boutiquey, and the lobby was lovely. We enjoyed the complementary wine hour. The staff was attentive, and our stay in this Kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to Chicago memorable! We would return here! who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite. When we arrived, she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested--and more. Our suite had a partial view of the lake!!! And, we were able to check in early. The service at this hotel is incredible. Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had. The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel, very near to Michigan Avenue. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. We really couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there. when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience. When i arrived, exhausted after a series of delayed flights, I was told that my room was not ready. Not ready at 5pm, are you kidding me! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds, fine, whatever. I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c doesn't work. I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $20. No apology. Nothing. Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room. When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount. Again, no apology. I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back. I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
have stayed at the James a few times, it is my go to hotel in Chicago. This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options. The Good: Location is awesome, just off Michigan Ave, Trader Joe's across street for some healthier snacking. It is a great location, easy to walk most anywhere. The door staff are very friendly and helpful. The overall feeling is modern, upbeat. Turn down service with cookie is nice. Free Wifi (which worked to varying degrees throughout stay) The Bad: They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel, which to me, means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star (without a pool). They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have "Harmony" brand. Additionally, they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you. It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym, but not a 4.5 star hotel. I asked about the switch (mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be "green". That is hard to believe, as it's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green (they still have incandescent light bulbs, housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down, they don't recycle in room, etc). They are obviously trying to cut costs, and it shows. More: the rooms are in need of some updating, they are looking somewhat tired. My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front (not their fault). Don't take the stairs (as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie), even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile. The phone staff was fairly rude (granted, they didn't like me questioning their toiletry change). I feel bad giving such a low rating, but it really did not come close to my expectations (from previous stays there). I will start trying out new hotels in the area. a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a recent trip to Chicago, and had a great stay. The rooms were beautiful, the beds comfortable, and the views of the city were fantastic. My room overlooked the river and the city. I felt like I was on a luxury vacation. The hotel has a few different restaurants. I ate at the Chicago Burger Company, which was delicious. The burgers were juicy, and the prices were great. The indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities. Overall, I had a wonderful stay. a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel. The initial impression was that the desk clerk thought I was lucky that he was waiting on me. I had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though I was bothering him. I was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter. On the plus side the room was lovely, but when I called for room service at 9:30pm I was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until 10pm. I decided to go out rather than fight the issue. The next day the tone was the same at the pool, the bar, the restaurant etc. The staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do. The only exception was the housekeeping staff. I called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in 10 minutes and made to ask if there was anything else I needed before leaving. The bottom line is that I booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it. Even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location, the atmosphere was not inviting. I'd rather go somewhere where I felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that didn't seem to care that I was there. at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite. I was disappointed with the room layout, and shabby furniture. I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground. The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work, the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $450 we spent there. Next time, we will go back to Trump Tower across the street, which is far superior to Hotel Monaco. in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area. it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.	198	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	How
hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out, the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable, and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again. with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh!	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all, the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is. Then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room. The room it's self is very spacious and clean. The pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel, they never seemed to run out. The service is beyond exceptional. I would recommend staying at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown to anyone.	199	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	First
one of my better experiences, When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys. I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys. It wouldn't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair. When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed. The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded. But the view from the window was amazing, and it took away some of the bad for me. Overall, it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring, maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light. I didn't even get housekeeping my entire stay there. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area, hopefully it will make them get their act together.	200	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Not
wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility. an adequate apology.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a "room with a view". The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious! The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again. at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics, I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I couldn't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay. Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42" plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury. My room was not only comfortable and clean, but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home. If you're in the Chicago area, reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed.	117	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Having
husband and I were very excited to be staying at the Conrad, unfortunately, we would never stay in this hotel again. The rooms looked nice, but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink. The room service cost was super high - costing us over $100 for 1 burger, 1 order of french toast, 2 pops and 2 desserts. In the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake. We called the front desk and it took almost 40 minutes for someone to walk over to our room (we were on the 5th floor, same as the reception desk). They did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower. The staff was friendly enough, but NOT helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems. There was not even a coffee pot in the room. Definitely would NOT stay here again for the price. NOT worth it! more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility. an adequate apology. paid full price.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews. just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh!	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year. had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The separated living room and bedroom made it feel like I was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room. The kitchen was a comfort since I could prepare a meal for myself if I wished, and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since I never finish my meals when I go out to eat. I felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling I have with most hotels. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere. Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
are my experiences: - Had three rooms reserved, when checked in we were charged 2 different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments, gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - Could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty (we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys) - In room guide says pool in on the 8th floor and signs say it is on the 7th - could not get to the pool from the 14th floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the 7th floor and take the stairs to the 8th - When we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room. - When we received our bills, the credit card assignments were still wrong. I stay at "economy" hotels a lot and I have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one. This hotel should do Chicago a service and just close its doors. Due to this experience, I will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad.	50	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Here
husband and I stayed here for three nights while visiting Chicago as tourists. What a beautiful hotel! Our room was lovely, the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient. They don't have an in house gym, but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street. The restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast. The concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there. We were able to walk down the Magnificent Mile from our hotel, as well as through the Gold Coast and Old Towne neighborhoods. There are tons of great restaurants in the area (including the famous Gibsons and the Signature Room in the Hancock tower) as well as lots of shopping. There is currently a lot of construction going on near the Talbott (they are building condos right behind it), but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting Chicago. would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Firstly, the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful. There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle. Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out, the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees. Considering I paid well over $250 per night for the Romance package reservation, it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon.	201	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Did
Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month, therefore, my accommodations must meet the highest standards. I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel, located in what is referred to as ' The Magnificent Mile ' in the greater Chicago area. ' Magnificent ', it was! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance, I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff. I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite '. I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day. I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory. I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards, I would take a quick dip in the pool. I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel. The ' Chagall Ballroom ', was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury. I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city. That was a life saver. All in all, my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone. Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
hotel was not at all what I expected it would be. The website and it's pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in. The amenities were not what I was looking for, and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there. My AAA membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels. The staff was not very friendly or helpful when I had questions about the area, and they were not very prompt when responding to requests. I understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while I was there, but they need to have more staff on hand if they cannot provide their hotel guests with quality service. I don't think I will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon. response. Very disappointed. staying somewhere else. a wakeup call.	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.	202	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Under
recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night, and my visit was nothing short of disappointing. Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance, we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere. Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met. The room was small and, frankly, outdated. The bathroom smelled musty. The A/C in the room had two settings: polar cold or off. The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms, and it was loud at night - a good night's sleep was impossible. Staff were indifferent. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. Frankly, it's not worth the steep price and mediocre character. Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago, I know I won't be back at this place. stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well. Front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow. Nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair (housekeeping staff could/should have reported each day) - partially clogged shower head, dripping sink, etc. Clean and OK, but neglected - we expected more from an Intercontinental Hotel. Many hotels to choose from in this area of Chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other.	203	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Good
took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the "Priceline" glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago. worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced. Our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby. And finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor. The room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day, it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side. Our experience was definitely not a pleasant one. To make matters even worse, we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left. I am never coming back to Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. in the rooms. much more helpful.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay. non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
company was hosting a seminar at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, IL. Each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel. My room had an incredible view of downtown Chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern. My husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while I attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms. On Saturday night, my company held a ball in the Crystal Ballroom. The food was excellent, the hotel chefs were the best. The servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner. Our overall stay at Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel will be forever in my memory. It was a fun filled weekend with great food, clean rooms, excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want! We will definitely be staying here again! near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink*	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible. We had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help, called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened. ...read more at all possible. to another hotel.	63	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	While
just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife. We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I can't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was. When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday (check-in is 3pm), our room was not ready. We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room. Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray. Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room. We decided to just go out for an early dinner. After arriving back to our room around 9pm, our key didn't work. We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one. The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning! Why would you try to clean the room that early??!! The 'do not disturb' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay. After that early wakeup, we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned. The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked. Eventually we did get a new room but I didn't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so. Our new room was fairly nice, and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful, but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won't stay there again. staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back. the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are. For my wife and I, we enjoy the warmer colors. Cleanliness along with excellent staff, made me feel away from home yet relaxed. Being right Downtown was perfect for location. The suites are very quiet as well. I surprised my wife with the "Shopping Package". What a hit! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown !! love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel was wonderful! I had a last minute business trip, in downtown Chicago, and this is the first place I looked at. I looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms, and the facility itself, and I simply fell in love with the place. The indoor pool, outdoor sun decks, massages, this place really has all you could possibly need, whether you're on vacation, or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week. I mean they even have high speed wireless internet! I would definitely recommend the Omni Chicago Hotel, if you want a great place to stay near Downtown Chicago! marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink*	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at. I've never been to Chicago before, but the location was fantastic. They had all sorts of different rooms, from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms. I've never seen so many options for rooms. The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price. The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation. We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency. profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip. Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN. what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel. add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
the amount of money per night that the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel charges, one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom. The toilet wouldn't flush, the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking. When I called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet, the staff were indifferent. It was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures, and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink. All in all, I was disappointed with my stay. it was worth. it was terrible. a decent hotel. I won't be.	105	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	For
recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business. What an incredible experience! Friends had stayed there years ago, but when we showed them our photos, they couldn't believe the amazing renovations. While we loved the modern decor and style, our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms. I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling, so I wasn't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room. I have to say I felt great during our entire stay. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno. What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel. This hotel is truly beautiful, everything you would expect from a high-end, big city hotel. Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park didn't disappoint us in any respect. Our only disappointment? We don't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon, but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future. again highly recommended.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
stayed at the Fairmont two Saturday's in a row, and both stays were disappointing. We had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel 30-40 minutes to answer their phone. For the price, we expected nicer decor (it looked cheaply done); more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren't comfortable either; a more accomodating front desk staff. Our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments. given our experience. stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
staff and housekeeping. Above average breakfast. The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens. It was bedbug free!! I would definitely stay there again.	204	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Pleasant
with a group for a bachelorette party, and was disappointed. The hotel is beautiful, the staff was all rather friendly. The main problem was the room/sleeping situation. We had booked rooms with 2 queen beds several weeks before, but received an email a few days before our visit stating they were sold out (how that happens I don't know!!) so they "upgraded" us to two "suites" with a king and a pull out. First, this meant our party was split up and on different floors. Second, that meant two of us were stuck on a pull out couch. :( I'm not a picky, unreasonable person, but that was the WORST "bed" I've ever slept on! It was sunken in the middle so we literally rolled into each other unless we balanced ourselves on the very edge of the bed. Then there were the springs poking into our backs ALL night! Just awful! For the amount of money we spent I expected to be comfortable! I would not stay here again after this experience. options worth investigating.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
hotel in the heart of Chicago. The room we stayed in had a great view of Lake Michigan. We went in July for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel. Most major attractions are in around the Loop area. We also got a great deal on the price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure.	205	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Excellent
location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion. The room decor is horrible (probably more European than I am used to) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment. On the upside, if you want to stay in a great location, feel safe, and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work. I prefer Westin or Marriott...something that you can count on. areas are best. we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern	206	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	in
elevator system was impossible. It seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse. Many people waited 15+ minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells. It happened several times. I had read about it before booking but guess I didn't take it seriously. It'd be a deal breaker for any future return unless I heard clearly it was improved. Also, I always think it's lame that you have to pay extra for WiFi. Area recommendations North Michigan Avenue and Lake front areas are best. we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
stay at the Hilton was like living in luxury for a few days. I never wanted to go back home much less leave the hotel. During my stay I could work out in their facility and swim at no added charge. In fact, they didn't charge for WIFI, morning breakfast or their grocery shopping service. The lobby always had complimentary coffee, tea, soda and meals! I felt like a queen. This hotel deserves highest marks for service. are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well. or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
InterContinental Chicago is located in the heart of Downtown Chicago, Illinois on North Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile. This hotel is located within moments, not minutes, from the Navy Pier, Millennium Park, and Magnificent Mile Shopping. The InterContinental Chicago boasts a modern fitness center that feature free weights, a cardio room, dry saunas, as well as, masseurs. When business knocks at your door, the hotel has a 24 hour business center providing high-speed internet access, fax, and photocopying services. The accommodations at the InterContinental Chicago are elegant with a touch of historic decor. The room had a breath-taking view of Chicago, as well as, had an in-room mini-bar, terry-cloth bath robes, over-sized desks, high-speed internet access, and a 37-inch Hi Def LCD Television. Not only was the overall quality of the property in stunning condition, the staff at the InterContinental Chicago were welcoming, caring, and demonstrated a profound customer-service base. stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel, my first thought was ,"wow this is very yellow", and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day, no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse. my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in. It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms. i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms. much more helpful.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
anyone is traveling to Chicago, I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton. I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel. I had a guest room with a double bed. At the first sight, the room had perfect decor. The double bed looked comfy and cozy. It wasn't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me. Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay, I didn't have time to wander around the town for food. It wasn't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks. The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night. I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks. If you are just touring the city, the hotel is quite close to parks, museum, and a lot of shopping places. If you just need a place to stay, the view from the hotel was pretty good as well. Among all the hotels I have spent time in, the Palmer House Hilton tops the list. back very soon. in downtown Chicago. stay here again.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower, while seemingly a good idea in theory, has many drawbacks. At first glance, it appears quite luxurious and grand, but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked. The hotel is quite tall, coming in at 32 stories, and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying. The staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest, so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed. The hotel tries to adopt a French flavor, but its efforts fall short. The only real French influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city, but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment. The same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general. The city's traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one's stay here. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. Make a different choice. recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
am often traveling on business and I always try to stay at the James. The modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined, comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment. The availability of computers and coffee in the James' business centers means I do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel. The James provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings. The ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that I do not have to stress or rush, as my time is valuable. I love the James. Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend. Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate. We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in, we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel. Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention, she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault. Needless to say I will not be staying here again. wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks. We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early. stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it. to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
I traveled to Chicago for business. I was treated to a stay at the InterContinental Chicago by my employer. It truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you. I was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help. I checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room. My room was dripping with taste. The stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered. With a mini-bar, large flat-screen television, and an entire home office setup, I barely had to leave the room. Why would I want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city. What an amazing experience I had and I will gladly come back.	130	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Recently
stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid. I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
loved it here! My boyfriend and I booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our 3 nights here. (I've paid more to stay at the Santa Barbara Motel 6!!) Gorgeous hotel, great staff, fun bar/lounge area and we were most impressed with the room. The large windows in the bathroom were the best--I took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of Navy Pier and the skyline. I remember thinking, "This is really living..." The room was comfortable and quiet, again with great views just like in the bathroom. Chicago is a wonderful town--I have nothing but good things to say about it. CAn't wait to come back! very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back. The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either. When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key. When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made. The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food. We ended up going home two days before we planned. at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open, this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.	207	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Having
you have the money, Amalfi Hotel is the place for you. All the way from it's 316 thread count, Egyptian linens to the 24 hour fitness center. This hotel has anything you would need or want. The rooms are equipped with free wi-fi, 32in plasma televisions, multi-head showers and much, much more. You can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center, which is equipped with computers free to your use. After a long night at the bar, you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor. Over all the service is great as well. I recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time. I plan on coming back very soon. in downtown Chicago. stay here again.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
disappointment. Problems: 1. The alarm clock/stereo thing was broken in my room. It was constantly emitting low, changing hissing noises. Sooo annoying. And there was no off switch on the damn thing. I had to move the bed to unplug it (the outlet was wayyy back, buried behind the big bed). I kept hearing it, and didn't realize what it was, until it had kept me awake for a few hours. 2. The shower was ONLY incredibly hot. Turn it all the way cold...very hot. Turn it to hot, and you get boiling hot. Grrrrreat. So how do I get water that won't scald me? This is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry, and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water. Good job Omni! 3. Hallway carpets are disgusting and old. Walking around, you'd think you're in a motel 6. And my floor had been flooded or something, and they had box fans running in the hallway, 24/7, to try to dry it out. Talk about an overpriced dump.	208	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Complete
excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner. I wouldn't expect a cold shower at a budget hotel, let alone an Omni. Great location and the bar is nice.	209	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	No
husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return. into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
just had a conference there. They have bed bugs--I have all these bug bites and it itches like hell. Food wise, we had chicken BOTH times for lunch (maybe my company was saving some $) but they should at least prepare them differently. It looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying "bed" upon which it is served. For dinner, we had filet mignon and crab cake. Sounds good right? Wrong! The filet mignon seems to be 1/2 the thickness of what I have seen and it was tough. I thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow???? Also, the crab cakes was a bit too salty. Finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking. In asking my co-worker, most seem to be blase about the food. However, some seem to like the burger (which they went to substitute) at the Palms, which is a restaurant inside the hotel, just off the lobby. On the positive note, the dessert for dinner was good. Otherwise, I'd recommend another hotel. In the meantime, when I got home, I make sure to bring EVERYTHING straight to the washer/dryer to disinfect (even strip down). But, damn, I'm still itchin' not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
this was our first visit to the "windy city," we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique. We read many great reviews regarding the Kimpton brand so we gave it a go. The "go" ended up being a "no go." We were sorely disappointed. When we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice. We have two kids with us, so we needed a crib for our 6 month baby. We were told "no problem." Unfortunately, it took them about 1 or 2 hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next. Then, we noticed a bug (or bugs) near the fridge area. Yikes! We called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room (or floor!). Our request was met about 30 minutes later. By this time, we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions, we almost wanted to throw the towel in. Customer service was so lacking! We wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city, but had to wait around for our new room and the crib. This is not what we expected at all for this HIGH price! Will have to think hard before we book with a Kimpton hotel again.	210	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Since
hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure. The river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners. The decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a Le Meridian. While the Conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, the Ritz and Park Hyatt, it falls short. We and dinner at the Terrace Restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection. While the prices were similar to the Peninsula, we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try. Wow, were we ever disappointed. First off, we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until 7. OK, thats fine and we sat down. The waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong, so that she could make it right. When we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ($20 per glass), she consulted with the manager and then another manager (a heavier fellow in a dark suit). She came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses. What bothers me is not the outcome, but the fact that the management is not service focused. At a Four Seasons or the Peninsula, this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure, it would be made right. At the Conrad, the Terrace manager just ignored it. type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh! not go back.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently for a convention I was attending. This was my first trip to Chicago and I had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so I had high expectations. Check-in took a bit longer than I would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations. Once I did get into my room, there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room. I went down to the front desk and requested a room change. Given their computer problems, that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn't have the "positive attitude in spite of any difficulty" I'd expect from such a high profile establishment. The new room was not a suite as I had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling. When I hooked up my laptop, I was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service. I had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies, but as part of their computer problems, the wi-fi service was down. Fortunately, there was a Starbucks up the street with available wi-fi. Granted, I couldn't lounge at the Starbucks in my jammies like I could in my hotel room, but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices. I was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it's not something that is necessarily under the control of local management. However, the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management. A quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while I was down the street at Starbucks. They did as promised and when I arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer's DNA and the dust bunny population had been eradicated. Once I had a chance to relax in the room, there were a few minor details that stood out. The carpet was starting to get worn in places, the edges on some of the furniture was dinged, and my personal pet peeve... the inside of the drawers were rough, unfinished wood which I dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes. I would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel. But, all things considered, my stay was tolerable. Water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep. The wi-fi was still down in the morning so I checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at Starbucks. been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities. Everyone was helpful. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. The bed was "just like home". We would definitely stay again. A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home. It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best. large and clean. on the website. - a gem!!	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business, for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky, and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware, they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card, I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing, spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me, someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge, they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards, its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean, but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such, be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50, imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken, and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it, and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it, but the lack of response from maintenance, considering the rate for a suite, is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall, I think I will be skipping the Omni, and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad, as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back. full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.	69	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hotel
hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at. the room was seemingly nice at first, but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it. I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed. Also, the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms, which interfered with my sleep. I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also, and asked for a well done steak, and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor. This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone. shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief, they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor), you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however, this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh, and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.	211	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Ideal
family and I recently attended a wedding in Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel. It was much nicer than we expected. We are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this, by far, was one of the nicest places we've stayed. The beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - I was concerned that we would get a rickety 1970s crib! The bed sheets were so soft that I wanted to take them home! We will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in Chicago. is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
is an absolutely exquisite hotel, at a great location, and boasting superb amenities. I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave. The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk. I appreciated the homey, well-designed interior and views of the city. It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I didn't have to wander the city for my late night meal. This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city. be coming back! food and attractions. it so much. next stay here. recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say, that you definitely get what you pay for! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised. I was sorely mistaken. The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved. They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room. I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind. After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant. My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times. Each time we asked them to fix it, they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff. After dinner, we went back to our room. Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night. The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them. When I went to the restroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one. We just didn't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in. I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional. He pressed really had and hurt my back. Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way. I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later! Once I got sick, I was done. I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night. I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable. After a lot of arguing, he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel. This was the worst place I had ever stayed! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious! Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip! sooner than later.	129	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	When
staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done! concierge was excellent. in other cities. a future visit. stay there again! a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel! Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
perfect place for couples to get away too. The location couldn't be better,just three blocks from Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile. It's really romantic, the service was awesome. Very clean and quiet. It has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere, huge bathroom.Over all, i had the a great experience there, would definitely stay there again! be staying here!	12	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	A
had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice, cause I had never been there, so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it. No big deal, right? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away... two hours later I'm still sitting in the lobby! Finally I get to my room to try and relax. Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower. I went into the bathroom... no towels, wash cloths, nothing. I called down to the front desk and asked for some, about an hour later someone came up with one. Maybe they were just really busy? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN!!! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it!!! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it!!! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip. Two thumbs down! a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
will not be back to this hotel. There are several reasons for this, but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight. Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it. The room was OK, but the beds were hard and uncomfortable. The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly, and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option. They didn't offer any other solutions. The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests. Overall, we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago. staying here again. any reason whatsoever! to that place	18	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	We
Hyatt Regency Chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they're staying in a Nice Hotel as soon as they enter the lobby. In other words, come here for the looks, not the amenities. They make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process.... you know, because a simple washing machine just isn't good enough. To me, this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being "rich"--which most of them are not. Meanwhile, the hotel doesn't even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me. Obviously I'm not the intended consumer, though, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised. this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee. The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent. in other cities. a future visit. stay there again! a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton. We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work. Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for. First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos. The floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while in the check in area. The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side. The staff was horrible. We had asked for a turn down service it was never received. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton. the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip. I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade. All I can say is, "What upgrade?" It's barely anything above what you get normally. And for the price I paid, I was expecting much better acommodations. Because I arrived around 10:30 the night I checked in (delayed flight) I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10. I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet. Beyond that, it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room. First it was a room mix-up, then it was a missing key card. That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning. Speaking of the next morning, the complimentary breakfast was a joke. When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast, I'll stay at the next Super 8 I find. And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed. I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago. This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot. stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time. Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor's delight. It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area, it is also close to the Loop, Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space. Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV. The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast. The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy. It also has free internet facilities, room service, Air conditioning, laundry/drycleaning, multilingual staff to make communication easy, spa services, heating, conference facilities, satelite tv, brailed elevators and pets are allowed. The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great. The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty. The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand. The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean. The hotel makes it possible for you to relax, go shopping in the best stores which are close-by, eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership. They offer great deals for every type of customer. I would definitely recommend this place.	183	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Amalfi
Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel. :) Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation, and it couldn't have been better! The staff was very polite and helpful, and the rooms were very clean, and they had some of the best beds I've ever slept on! Not to mention the view was amazing! If I had to rate this hotel I'd definitely give it five star, next time I'm in town I will most definitely stay there again! staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said "We picked the right place." Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet.	212	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	As
recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago with my wife. I was on business but I thought I'd take her so we could see the city as well. Chicago was great, The Allegro...not so much. I mean it looked nice, great lobby and all. The service wasn't so great though. The clerk was a younger girl who seemed a bit rude. Like we were bothering her and interrupting her day by wanting to book a weekend. The bell hop took our bags to our room, none to gently. My wife and I watched as he threw our luggage on the floor in our room. Which wasn't that bad till he actually asked for a tip! Our room was okay. The bed was sort of rough and made a odd plastic rubbing noise every time you moved. The next day my wife went out and returned to find our room wasn't cleaned. Our trip to the Chicago had it's nice moments, all outside the hotel. The Hotel Allegro seemed like they spent too much on the appearance and neglected to staff it better. I won't stay there again. what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it! am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get. was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended! pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
got a great deal on this hotel, just $91 found through travelzoo. We only stayed one night, but were very impressed. The sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property. The hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate. Our room, while not enormous was perfect. We had a great view of the city and lake. The bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise outside of our room. The bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel, two could get ready very comfortably. Location was perfect, just off Michigan Ave and steps away from Millenium Park. We would definetly stay here again, especially if we could get this great deal! in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none. The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style. The rooms are beautifully adorned. I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet. I'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast, reliable internet connectivity, and it's included at no additional charge. The view from the room was magnificent...downtown Chicago at night! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits. You cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods. Don't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment. The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need. Just ask! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury! return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
absolutely loved the Knickerbocker. Now, if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable, forget this place. If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs, the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city. The location is great, the hotel bar is cozy and classy, and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions. For the price, you simply can't do any better than this in downtown Chicago. hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room, we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast, we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging, the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking, we expected better. were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago. stay here again.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat, and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons, there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one, the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth, one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink, so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin, although bath sized, which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say, it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables, and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side, served on a large white plate, and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu, as limited as it was, looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us, the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful, and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever, and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased, but we were sadly not. poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again. my next visit.	82	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	After
impressed at ALL. The hotel itself looks really nice, especially in the big foyer area. Our room was small, and the bathroom needed some major upgrades. It had the green tile, like at your grandmother's house, all over the walls, and 2 people couldn't fit in it if you tried. We could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning, so obvioulsy the walls aren't so thick. Our room looked directly on to a brick building outside, VERY close, we couldn't even tell if it was nice outside or not. We are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it, and I felt yucky the whole time in it. I just wouldn't pay lots of money to stay here, there is nothing exceptional about it at all. place for you. this Hotel again.	213	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Not
planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip. I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite, then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff. Well, our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly, and thankfully, switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights. The room was dirty. When we opened the sofabed, the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out. Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used, and theoretically cleaned, a lot. Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren't much better. Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night, it made for a cold stay. If you like to eat for free (they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights) and don't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer, I guess some may find this place tolerable. But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area (we switched to The James and had a great experience). I couldn't be paid to stay here again. I'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience. stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave! stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.	214	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Our
boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary. The second we walked in, we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room. White luxurous bedding on the King bed, plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers (my boyfriend was more impressed than me, as I reminded him that we didn't come to Chicago for the hotel room) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower, granite countertops, his/ her robes and slippers. The view wasn't great, but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us. Not a large room by any means, but again . . . we didn't go to the city for the hotel room. It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room. We got a great rate on it ($140 at hotels.com) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $200's. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one. We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city. will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
Hotel in Chicago is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. I travel a lot for my job, and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for. Four star hotel? Yeah right! I wish I could give it negative stars I don't even know where to begin. Normally with these reviews I try to outline the aspects that stood out, but it's just so overwhelmingly bad. Anyhow, here it goes: To begin with, the customer service stank. You think you've seen rude service people before? Well, this is customer service stuff of nightmares. I had a reservation, but I still had to wait for 30 minutes (yes, I counted) for someone just to pay attention to me. When she did, finally, she was chewing gum. No visible uniform or name tag. Clearly didn't want to be here. She took one glance at my reservation, didn't enter anything into the computer at all, and told me that they couldn't accept it, because the date had already passed. WHAT? The date for the reservation I had written down was *that day.* I was furious. After a 20 minute shouting match, and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry I could scream, they finally, grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer, so that I could book my room. Then, there was the room itself. On first glance, it appeared clean, but a closer inspection revealed: black mold on the bathroom ceiling, a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking *brown* water, a minibar which was picked at, the remnants looking like they had been there for several years, and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it. The pillowcases also looked yellowed, but I couldn't decide if I was beginning to see things, I was already so upset with the place. After an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were, apparently, elephants, I can easily say that I would NEVER go back to that hotel again. Ever. Not if somebody payed me.	215	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Amalfi
stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels. anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel, I really did. It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access. I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon. I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in. I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck, doing nothing. As I walked in, nobody greeted me, and nobody offered to take my bags. The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated, with a fine covering of dust. I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys, all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer. I got to my room, and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking, there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway. Having paid extra for an upgraded room, I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside. The drinking glasses were filthy, the towels smelled of mold, and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can. The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old, and there was no channel guide, though I suppose I didn't need one for the six channels that it had. I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel, but alas, there was no respite here. The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive, and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done. Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better. Everywhere I went, from the pool to the bar, the staff was hasty, rude, and completely uninterested, and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated. I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel, but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out. hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel, the service is always poor, and the room service food always comes cold, unless it's supposed to be cold than it comes warm. I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again. more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by, so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good "food on the run" places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back! this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit, we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white, no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on, I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation, there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again. we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame. pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
Away! After generations as an old-world, cozy and stately, if a bit tired oasis, the AE has been purchased by Ian Schrager and taken down so many notches it's almost not functional. Allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation, the entrance is not handicapped accessible, and I saw several hotel guests with canes, casts, etc (including myself, recovering from foot surgery and in a cast, with a cane) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel. With luggage, it's almost impossible. This is simply inexcusable. I've been a customer of the Ambassador East for decades--but no more. The hallways are so dark one can barely see. The rooms are stark white, which in and of itself, isn't a particular problem, but it is jarring and almost painful as one's eyes adjust from the dark hallways. The furniture--stark and scant--looks like something from an Ikea closeout. The bed is comfortable--what a relief--but only about 15 inches off of the floor, a real problem if you're at all physically challenged, or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days. The problems don't end there. My room had a horribly uncomfortable wire/metal desk chair, and absolutely nowhere else to sit. No arm chair, no demi-sofa, no ottoman. With a foot in a cast, it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably, perhaps even with my leg elevated, while in the room. No way. The bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries. Not a shelf, a small table, a nook, or a medicine cabinet. If you want to put a razor, shaving cream, makeup (for women) or anything else down so that you can use them, you're sh*t out of luck. Repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet. A borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable, something I didn't discover until caught in an expected downpour. I was tempted to throw it out, but remembered that they would charge me for it if I didn't return it, in spite of its total lack of usefulness. Refrigerator--forget it. Shampoo? For two days in a row, the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion, and no shampoo. Room service--not available. If you want breakfast, the front desk will sell you a small, pre-wrapped, commercial grade muffin for $4.00--something you can buy in any gas station for $1.00. No added value whatsoever. The photos show a nice entrance, and a large lobby for which the AE has long been famous. Unfortunately, that lobby is closed off, under construction, and the temporary lobby is on the second floor, difficult, again, for handicapped access. Thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold, at 8 in the morning. When confronted with these various misses, the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said, "Yeah, we know, you're not the first to tell us this stuff." All this shows is that Schrager doesn't even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable, and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right. It's one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it's under renovation. It's another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain, particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation. Again, avoid this hotel like the plague.	216	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stay
staff and customer service, very clean and spotless. elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view. the bed is very comfortable and relaxing. i give it a five star.	217	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	excellent
stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was a pleasant one. I loved being able to take a quick stroll to Michigan Ave for some shopping. I also loved the Pump Room. What a fun place to hang out and enjoy a Blood Mary. The front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost. They found me a room immediately even though the city was book up. I thought the rooms were clean and well maintained. The shampoo was great and I decided to take it home with me. I am looking forward to another stay at the Ambassador EAst in the spring when I return to Chicago. a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
wife and I just spent a long weekend at the Hardrock Chicago hotel, and although I am not one to normally write long email, I felt it necessary to bring some of the disappointing experiences from our recent syat (2/14 to 2/17) to your attention.Issues included: Our friends ordered chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room upon arriving on 2/14 and we never got them. Our friends later (on 2/16) asked us if we had received the strawberries, and we responded no. They then brought this to the attention of the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to have received a complimentary bottle of champagne. We were then disappointed again, upon checking out, however, when we were accidentally billed for the "complimentary" champagne - which was later subtracted from our bill. The in-room DVD player didn't work. It was approximately 11 PM on 2/15 when we called the front desk for help with trouble-shooting the issue. The person responded friendly that "Al, the engineer, will be calling you back shortly" to help. 10 minutes later there was a knock on the door, and it was Al. A great and friendly guy, but we were waiting for a call back, not the arrival of a service tech - keep in mind it was late and we were already in bed. When Al was not able to fix the DVD player, he graciously told us "order a movie on us" - thru the in-house movie selection. The problem: that didn't work either. Again, Al was awesome, and called the service provider, but they weren't able to fix it until after midnight. Finally, after midnight Al called us back, but by then the "movie watching" mood had sort of passed. I ended up watching the film "Hitman" alone as my wife had already gone to sleep.The thermostat in our room didn't work, regardless of the temperature we set it to (set to 65 degrees - actual temperature = 76 degrees). We had so many other unresolved issues that we didn't feel it necessary to voice any more. ...read more the perfect nightclub. with your facility. an adequate apology. paid full price.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
made regular business trips to Chicago, I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago, since it was fairly new and I had a friend that had stayed there. The Lobby was quite small, which surprised me with a name like Monaco. As a matter of fact I found the furnishings to be quite drab.A boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite. It was two rooms, not as spacious as I would have liked, an entertainment room, and a bedroom with a standard television. Can You imagine, I was expecting H.D., but it was just ordinary cable. For $600 a night you would expect a 42 inch set. The bath was ordinary, nothing special, but the bed was a very big King.The view did not take in the Lake, unfortunately, just the Magic Mile. Well, I am starving so time to eat. The restaurant was well appointed, I hope the food was as good. I ordered lamb chops, potatoes au gratin and mint sauce. It was fair. I hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations. I would give this hotel a two and a half, but I would not return.	218	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Having
My! More Like A Dank Museum Than A Four Star Hotel! I read so many reviews on this hotel that I was sure my husband and I wouldn't be disappointed on spending our 10th Wedding Anniversary in the heart of Chicago at such a luxurious hotel! All the reviews sounded great so I feel awkward writing this, but I have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment. While the location is superb, the images online must have been taken over 10 years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded. I noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained, the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel. Even though the food was great, the linens, glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so I didn't focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was. I didn't realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that's living in the past! This was barely a two star hotel and I do not recommend staying here at all. Hilton Chicago Downtown.	219	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Oh
hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back! food and attractions. it so much. next stay here. recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience. Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions, but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal. There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food. The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find. Finally, the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel. I've stayed in.	220	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Staying
hotel is located in an hard to fins location in Chicago, the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded, the room service is hard to reach, overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay. this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area. moment you leave. price. Linda Davies	47	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	
recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel (Chicago Water Tower), and I was quite disappointed. I was excited by the great location (on East Chestnut Street downtown), but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ($250 per night before taxes). The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters, and yes, the view of downtown in the distance was pretty, but I was very disappointed. The bedding seemed to be polyester, not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately. When I ordered room service at 10:30 (on a Thursday night), I had to wait for 55 minutes, 20 minutes longer than I was quoted. I ordered a salad, and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long. Overall, I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $75 per night. When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $2. Hotel easy to find. Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area. Saw very few homeless or panhandlers. Walked all over the place. Great location and hotel is about a $5-$6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants. Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor, but it's not that different from a cruise ship decor. It was not annoying decor by any means. Check in was painless and the service was great! Heard NO noise whatsoever...the reports of "thin walls" are greatly exaggerated. The walls are all concrete and thick...we heard NOTHING both nights we were there! Highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people...they are old style hotel rooms..very classic recommend this hotel!	221	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Booked
arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery. They put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when I arrived. The front desk staff gave me the key to my room and I put my stuff away and went to meet the group. We returned late that night and I soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that I placed my stuff in that afternoon. We went to speak with the front desk. We were met with "We can't do anything about that right now due to the hour. We will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in." Unacceptable!!! My $1500 laptop and all of the things I brought with me were in that room! Not my mistake! FINALLY, after arguing with the head of security for about 30 minutes, they knocked on the door of the room I had left my belongings in and a lady answered. She was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon. All of my belongings were recovered in the security room; however, all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation! Terrible, terrible customer service. They sent up an apology letter, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries to the room. Although I was appreciative of the gesture, it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say "We can't do anything about it." have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel, I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location. The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed, and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot. The food is good, location is great, everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.	222	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	For
thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago. a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is not the hotel for persons wishing to have a relaxing getaway. Upon entering this hotel you have the impressions that it is a warm and inviting place. One encounter with the staff will change this point of view immediately. the person who assisted us was not very knowledgeable with his duties and did not provide the overall attention required or expected. Everything about this hotel exudes class and sophistication. Training for the staff should be conducted immediately in order to match classy look of the hotel with their interactions with the customers. I am truly diappointed with the fact that my stay at this hotel was as substandarded as it was. I was so looking forward to a wonderful stay at your establishment. I hope that the issues mentioned earlier are resolved. However, I do not plan to return to this hotel again. to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions. it so much. next stay here. recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay. the suite rooms!!!	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel. The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in. The second night we went earlier and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area. The rooms were modern and very clean. We will stay there again. do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
Hotel! The staff is friendly, corteous, and professional. They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not (but I will be!). The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed. They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside. My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died. However, a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes! 5 stars!!! service too. A+	65	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Great
my stay at the Hilton Chicago it has been quite unpleasant. How so you might ask? Well ill tell you, the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible I mean they weren't even at the desk when I checked in. Also, When I ordered my breakfast, lunch, and dinner from room service I received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch. Finally, The bill was charging me for stuff I didn't want or ask for. But overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others. I give it a half a star. this place again.	52	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	During
hotel is amazing, I would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance. I stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations I expected plus more. I was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle. The restaurants at the Fairmont were amazing as well. When staying at this Hotel, food and wine at their best are portrayed. If I had to make the choice to stay here again, the only thing that I would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long (it was so relaxing!!). Already booked another stay for next year I enjoyed it so much. next stay here. recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay. the suite rooms!!!	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
Hilton Chicago is one of the best Hotels I have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life. It is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the "Cultural Michigan Avenue Mile", and it overlooks Grant Park, Lake Michigan, and Museum Campus. In addition to overlooking those wonderful sights, it's also located conveniently close to Chicago's convention center, McCormick Place Convention Center, as well as the business center, shopping and theatre. Furthermore, there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel, such as Millenium Park, Buckingham Park, and the Sears Tower. The amenities offered by the Hilton Chicago hotel include 100% wireless Internet access in all guest rooms, 27" inch flat screen televisions, a Serenity Bed, and two-line direct dial phones. And on top of all that, the hotel is pet friendly! I'll definitely be staying here again. fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
place had character I'll give it that. But it wasn't really my style. Arrived late in the evening. The first room they gave me the TV didn't work. Maintenance took a look at it, and couldn't figure it out. Told me I'd have to wait until the morning for the electrician. He then passed some gas and left. Real professional. I phoned the front desk on account of the tv, and was able to get another room The second room was much like the first. Horrible striped wall paper, dingy, and old worn carpet. Bathroom was incredibly small. Hard to use the toliet without banging into the door, or the sink. Very cramped. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Room temp hard to regulate and the AC somewhat noisy. Location seem very convenient. I was there for a training session about 8 blocks away. But all of the theatres seemed to be near by, if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two. And don't make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card. It was about $2/minute. I knew it would be expensive but wasn't expecting that type of rate. stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh! not go back. outweigh the negatives.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
hotel was very poor with customer service. They were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers, and their guests. I had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning, and it took a long time to get a response. Very disappointed. staying somewhere else. a wakeup call. definitely not return. recommend this hotel!!!	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, I can honestly say that I will take the time to book a room, ahead of time, on my next visit to Chicago. We were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was, at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place. The outside of the hotel was pristine, but our room was filthy! We requested a non-smoking room, but it had obviously been smoked in before, as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air. In fact, we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking, but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well. To top it off, room service brought us the wrong item. When we checked out, we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item, even after we sent it back. I would also have to point out that Michigan Avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class. Right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes. I couldn't even go to the gas station after 8 p.m. because I was too scared to leave the hotel. The pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding, thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to. For the price of the room I would say this place was a definite disappointment. I have learned my lesson to check out the room before I agree to stay in it next time. This place gets 1/2 of a star from me. their staff better.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.	223	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Extremely
nights there on business. Hadn't realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement, very bleak. Told the front desk that I hadn't realized about the construction, so I'd have to switch hotels, they said they were still going to charge me for 3 nights. So I stayed. TV didn't work. Tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me...eventually after I called again, a few hours later, a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it. Long and complicated experience at the business center (which doesn't open until 9am, BTW), where I ended up paying $45 to print 55 pages. Had to buy these cards, and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway, (and charging me for them). I was left with $22 on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the Swissotel in Chicago, 2000 miles from where I live. I asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that. Nice room, nice view, but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad. Worst experience I've ever had at a hotel when traveling for business.	224	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Three
stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay! River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
girlfriends and I stayed at the Hyatt in Chicago during a shopping trip to the city in June 2010. We found a great deal on Orbitz.com and decided to give it a try. The location was perfect, just off Michigan Avenue,on the Chicago River, so it was easy to walk down the Mag Mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car. The hotel is right next the The Palm restaurant, and within walking distance of several places to eat, both fancy (China Grill, yum!)and affordable (Corner Bakery). The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious. We were lucky to get a room with a good view...be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door! The lobby is typical Hyatt, big and spacious with lots of plants. Service was good. All around an excellent experience and a great deal. with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
Intercontinental Chicago was not as great an experience as I was expecting it to be. When I first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system. They then tried to make me book a higher paying room. I ended up having to ask for the manager, who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate. I was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite. I was not doted on as I should have been and found that I had long wait times when I placed an order with room service or needed the concierge. For the price I was paying to stay there I would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service. my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly. to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago, but I am sad to say that I am disapointed. Not only is it outrageously expensive (over $200 for two people for one night), but they expect you to pay over $40 to park your car! They do not offer free Wi-Fi, but instead I had to pay $20 to get on the internet in my room. I had to wait until 3 pm to check in (even though my flight was in the morning) and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from. After all of this stress, the Hilton Chicago didn't have an in hotel bar either. I doubt I will stay here again! for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online. However, my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations. When I arrived, well over an hour of check in time, I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in. The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs, and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd, there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down (after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue). As I am a fairly light sleeper, I woke up several times throughout the night. I would recommend bringing earplugs if you're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep. Overall the hotel looked very nice, but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room. been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities. a future visit. stay there again! a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool. Highly recommend it.	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
stayed at the Sheraton as it was where a conference I was attending was being held. On the plus side, the hotel is reasonably well located, within a few minutes walk of Michigan Avenue. My room had a superb view out over the river. However, for the price I must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment. The decor was dated, and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty. The wifi is ridiculously expensive, and frustratingly as a conference delegate I was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for 24 hours access. There was no wifi in the conference rooms, although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails. I know Chicago is expensive, but for that price I feel the experience should have been better. was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The hotel was a bust from the get go. As we arrived in the lobby, we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up. (We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes.) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful. We had to wander around the halls looking for our room. Once we got to our room, we thought the weekend was going to get better. The rooms are modern and nicely designed. That was about all that this hotel had going for it though. As soon as we started to explore the room more, it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before. The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it. We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up, but the thought of it still remained. As we all settled down to sleep, there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door. After about an hour, we finally made a call to the front desk to complain. The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago. They were staying there the next 2 nights. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! It's a hard rock hotel all right. (At least that's what the beds feel like!)	101	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	A
Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently. The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit, but not to the point of garishness. The convenient location was a plus.	83	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Conrad
recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, Il. From the start, the experience was bad. The room was filthy, there were no towels, and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation. I will never stay there again. I could not have been more dissatisfied. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
start with, this hotel had the worst customer service. They were impossible to work with on EVERYTHING! Now, the problems we had in chronological order. First, we arrive at 8 PM Sat. to check in. They did not have the room with 2 beds we had reserved available, so they offered us a room with one bed and a rollaway (free of charge). However, the room was not ready yet. Finally at 10.30! (2.5 hrs later) we were able to get our room keys. But, there was no rollaway. Another 30 mins and 3 phone calls later, we had a rollaway, but had to get the charge waived a second time. Now we go to check out on Mon. and they couldn't print us a bill or give us a total. We stop 3 hrs down the road to get gas only to find out that our bank card had been overdrawn $2,127.00! We called the bank and found out the hotel had ran our card through 3 TIMES, for $709 each, when our bill was supposed to be $450. After sitting at the gas station on the phone for 1.5hrs, the money was finally put back in our account so we could continue our trip home. I would recommend a Holiday Inn over the Intercontinental any day.	225	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	To
beautiful hotel with a wonderful view. The dinning selection is one of the best I have seen in Chicago. I have stayed many places downtown Chicago and nothing matches this. I am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well. The shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors. The biggest thing that I have to say is that the Customer service was great with everything that I needed. I give the hotel a 5 out of 5. a great treat.	124	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Very
first visit to Chicago and I really cannot wait to go back. The hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful. Particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful. The room was clean, quiet and spacious, if only every hotel were like this. of the place.	226	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Our
wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city. Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005. There were 10 girls total. We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend. Never been to Chi-town before, I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA. And we were not disappointed. The staff is wonderful, the happy hour was just fabulous. The room was nice and clean, with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus! Then you also get free internet in your room! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness. We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again. Trust me the pics don't do it justice! a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
Inter Continental is a great hotel. The staff was very friendly, and the accomidations were great. The room was clean and ready on time, and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering Chicago's weather. Eno was simply AMAZING. Their wine selection is second to none. And the Turkey Pumpkin Curry at Zest was to die for. and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel. The carpet was exceptionally worn, wallpaper peeling, bathroom grout dingy. The place felt like it hadn't been redecorated in 30 years. On top of that, the windows would not open (not unusual for a hig-rise hotel), and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work, I have no idea (they said 'radient cooling' whatever that is), but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation. We even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated. So much for privacy. I can't comment on the food, because we ate out at every chance. Chicago has some fantastic food! And much of it within easy distance to the hotel. The hotel is in a good location, near the waterfront and millenium park, shopping and dining. The conference facilities were average, but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent. I will never stay in this hotel again, especially for the price, because of the poor room quality. here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
you're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago, you have to stay here. The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home. The perfect place for a business person, and if you have a small pet you can bring them too! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again.	102	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	If
went to stay in the Millenium Hotel Chicago. Now, first, being from rural midwest I was surprised at the price in general, but kind of accepted it when I was assured by my cousin(whom I was visiting in Chicago) said it was normal. So I check in, service seems fine. I get checked in, room seems ok. A couple of hours later, a lady comes into my room, not a hotel employee, just some lady. Turns out, they cross checked the rooms. We(her and I) went down and complained. Turns out they double booked the room, not that they were full, but they were full on THAT room type, Standard, as well as the Superior Rooms. Rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to "move up". We argued with them for 20 minutes, they didn't budge, our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra $60 for a Corner Superior. We(the lady, her name was Sharon) decided to split the difference some, she gave me $20 and I moved. I get to the new room about 20 minutes later, nobody, but Sharon helped me move. I get there, the bed was thrown together, not made, and the bathroom wasn't clean, the garbage had a kleenex in it(I wasn't going to check if it was used). I called down, it was now 5PM. No answer, I called for 10 minutes and finally got a hold of someone. I told them about the state of my room. They said they would have someone up "right away". I waited 30 minutes and a lady comes in, not in uniform, but she did a hell of a job cleaning. She switched out the garbage, wiped out the whole bathroom, vaccuumed around me, and switched out the bedding, all told she was in and out in 10 minutes. She didn't say two words to me, but she did clean. I stayed the night and checked out a 7AM and will never go back. Ryan from Iowa 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare. The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they couldn't find my reservation. Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked. The internet service was so slow it was unusable. To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible. Finally, I discovered the valet parking, which was a $49 premium service, dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car. I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago. staying here again. here ever again.	161	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	What
hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night. For THREE consecutive nights. There was simply inadequate soundproofing - even 14 floors above the street (OK - 13 floors as there is no 13th floor). I hesitate to write this review but I rely on Trip Advisor reviews when traveling, and had I been warned about the ambulance sirens, I would have chosen to stay elsewhere. If you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value. Conveniently located. Wonderful staff. But quiet is a key priority for me so I would not stay here again. :( 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again. I had a very large room with a huge bathroom, although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout. The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges, a nice place to enjoy the simple (2 choices, no munchies) but pleasant wine reception. At night, there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity, other than theater traffic, but it's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants. recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel offered PDA or kiosk check-in which was great. They also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay. We enjoyed the 24/7 stay fit gym, iHome stereo with iPod docking station, flat screen tv with video on demand and Wi-Fi. Concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area. We enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips. our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again. recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay. Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens. They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead. Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm. Checked in and waited for our luggage... Finally went down and got it ourselves. The room was a little grungy, furniture shabby, and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover. Ewww. Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me. FYI it's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel. Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn't work. Called for a replacement, waited a while, called again and was brought another iron which also didn't work. Third time was a charm. Oh boy. Too bad we paid in advance. Won't be staying here again. same general area.	40	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	After
two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub. with your facility. an adequate apology. paid full price. NEVER STAY AGAIN!!	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however, for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more	112	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I've
a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you!	227	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Got
have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay. When I first got there, getting checked in was very fast. The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken. The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast. The room was very hip and cool. There was musical items all over the place. I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom. After being in the room a few minutes, I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room. They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room. I needed some things shipped while I was there, which they had supplies to help me with that. After getting some work done, I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around. They gave me information for 3 awesome places. I left and came back after having a night out on the town. They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it. I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift. When I got back to my room, the bed was so comfortable. I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep. In the morning I order breakfast, which was really a Philly cheese steak. They will make anything you want anytime of day. I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed. Thank You Hard Rock, You Rock! friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
booked this via Priceline, and was not sure I'd like it, as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff. This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations. Despite booking with Priceline, I was treated like a king. They let me check in early, gave me a beautiful room, and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay. The staff was unfailingly pleasant, the property immaculate, and the room very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel. lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there.	228	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Attended
our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again! when in Chicago...	229	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	On
gone downhill so much we almost checked out. We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago. We've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula, it has always been a comfortable and clean, service oriented hotel. Not only has room service been eliminated (if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street, so is ONLY Italian), complimentary morning coffee is no longer available, mini bars have been removed from the rooms, etc. etc. The only restaurant, the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night, the bar also, so we weren't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests. Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations, but we weren't told of it. We also learned that the bell staff (who have been there for 13 and 8 years) is being eliminated. So, in other words, anyting to do with "service" is gone from this hotel. I hear they are going to begin renovations in December, but that is no excuse to let an old glory "go to pot" in the meantime. We won't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving. We even had to pay for internet. Mind you, our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+, no room service, no restaurant/bar charges. Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East. Sad.	230	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	has
husband, teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake. The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic. The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy, to the receptionists, the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say! I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day. If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!! stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
recently returned from a trip to Chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby. While the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers. When we arrived it took over an hour to check in. We had requested two rooms on the same floor, which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival. When we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it. Eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there. We also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate 4 adults and two babies in strollers. When we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for 4 adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in. We also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at Bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping. We filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment Bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests. After complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate. This "something" never arrived. We will not be making a return visit to this hotel. While the housekeeping staff, location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative. than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Family and I went to this hotel on holiday last month. It was a very bad hotel. When we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room. The view from the window was a brick wall. Really? We even asked the Lasy at the front desk, but she said they couldn't put us in a room with a view cause we didn't book one and we couldn't upgrade. Also, My Wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night. Another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true, our room only had a normal tub. But, the tub had no stopper, so we could only take showers. The room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices. back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
was a refreshing change from the ordinary. I loved the location, the service and the amenities offered by this hotel. The room was charming with a window seat and a water view. The decor was unique but cheerful. Free wireless internet services were a plus here. The staff was helpful and attentive. We loved having goldfish share our room! I would definitely stay here again. with this hotel. to grating. Ugh! not go back. outweigh the negatives.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience. The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations, the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave, the museums, and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago, I highly recommend the Talbott! a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
recently stayed at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown, and found it lacking in the quality of their service. The rooms are nice and well furnished, but the service lacks in some areas. Some of the complimentary services include fast-speed wireless internet access, cardio-fitness and indoor pool, grocery shopping service and coffee, tea, hot chocolate or cider all day long in the lobby's 24 hour convenience shop. However the wireless internet was spotty at best with really slow speed at times, the indoor pool was far to cold in my opinion and the cardio equipment was left uncleaned. The grocery shopping service was alright, although a bit on the slow side and then finally the coffee and hot chocolate in the 24 hour convenience shop were both cold and overall of poor quality. Rating this Hotel on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3 at best. else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
and my husband stayed in the Allegro Hotel Chicago for 4 days 3 nights recently. We got a room with a king size bed.. Although the room is small, we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages & all. However, we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable, the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us. The walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound. 1 of the days, our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels, rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign. The worst is upon returning to the hotel at night, we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage. The housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins. This is unacceptable to us. The hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night. Although it is near the CTA trains, i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view. Am staying again at a Kimpton hotel in San Fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change! Overall, not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to Chicago again!	231	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Me
have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this is probably the worst service that I've ever experienced. The staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would. I decided to try the Monaco because it seemed interesting, was close to the theater, and had what seemed to be a good rate. What a huge mistake. The front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful. The room was not clean, the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving, they never bothered to come turn down the beds, and the late check-out "priviledges" which were guarenteed when I booked the room suddenly became "upon request" - boy the extra 30 minutes they gave me sure were helpful. Dont' waste your time or your money here. At best, it's nothing special. Personally, I like the Fairmont in Chicago, but anyplace woudl be better than the Monaco. in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
at the InterContinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant, convenient visit. Stayed in the historic tower. Very nice rooms, great view, attentive staff, convenient location just north of the Tribune Tower & the river, and nice fitness club at $16 for the entire stay. The only downside is I couldn't get over the feeling that I was being nickle & dimed: $10 a day for Wi-Fi, $6 bottles of water in the room, $26 mini-bottle of wine in the fridge, tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags, etc. Their in-house restaurant Zest is Zagat rated though I'm not sure why. Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than Zest. But, next time I need to be near the Loop I'd stay at the InterContinental again. save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia Festival for strudel!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
Swissotel is totally understaffed and lacking any charm or atmosphere. It was clean, comfortable and had great views but if you wanted to check-in, use the concierge, check-out, or report a problem to the front desk, forget about it. I booked this place through Priceline.COM so I can't complain too much as I didn't pay a lot for the room but I have stayed at 4 star hotels in the past as well as another Swissotel. It left a lot to be desired. The minibar fridge in my room didn't work so forget about a cold beer. Also, the internet/movie/guest services console didn't work so I had to go to the business office to access the internet. When it was time to checkout the console still wasn't working. It's better than the Holiday Inn but way below expectations for a 4 star hotel with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night cannot go wrong. Ah, city noise."	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.	52	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	During
booked this hotel for the second leg of our Chicago stay..it was great!!!! The Lion King package was pricey but reasonable, given the ticket costs and the Suite. Room was great....classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. NYTimes and Chicago Tribune at your door every morning. One block from the Washington El train station. We never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn't like, but the Suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it. Dunkin Doughnuts and Corner Bakery down the block. City Hall, Picasso structure....this was a great place. Book it and also use the Golden Touch Limo service...reasonable. Omar is a super guy. of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat. to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend. The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive. The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay, and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do. We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel; the lobby, dining areas, and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury. The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white, and lighting that complimented and set the mood. The bar and lounge areas had excellent service, and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago. Additionally, my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members, we would be receiving 20% off our room rate for the weekend. Overall, the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars, pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment, one in which we would definitely choose to stay again. the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago, and while the location is not bad, the rooms are definitely hit or miss. They range from the super basic "affordable" room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford. With so many different room options, it's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm. The hotel has a decent pool, but the health club is extra per day, as are many other services at the hotel. You'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ($160 up to multiple hundreds) that more things would be included! Additionally, the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful. I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here. If I were to return to Chicago again, I'd definitely try out staying somewhere else. a wakeup call. definitely not return. recommend this hotel!!!	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you, this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00, how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping! the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose. My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room. The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good. The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room. The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago.	232	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Best
and over-priced. The fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at 5 doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a 4 star hotel. The hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn't been cleaned...well, ever. The decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed. The decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have every tried to sleep on. I couldnt sleep the whole week that I stayed there. It was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny. my final say is that it is an over priced Holiday Inn.....	233	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Over-hyped
wife and I stayed here for a long weekend and it was great. The check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question, and the bar served the best martini I have had in a while. The rooms were well decorated and spacious, although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door. The bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late. I would definitely stay here again! and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert. I totally LOVED IT here!! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service, the phone was answered with "Hallo Mrs (Name)" which was a great personal touch. Vanessa at the front desk, went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room. My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious. I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb. We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice. The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me, so no snobbery there. Comfortable, cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom, the lights went on in the wardrobe (never seen that before!!), tv was HD ready and flat screen. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while. Would I stay here again?? Oh yeah!! No problem - just need to save up first!! of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia Festival for strudel!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
my goodness, this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago. It all went well enough checking in, but them went downhill. There was so much left to be desired. The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet, I kid you not! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it, I just don't know. But for the prices they charge, this type of thing is unacceptable. Most everything else about the actual room was as expected. The noise was a bit more than I'm used to though, but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us. So we asked to be moved to another room, they did get us in another room, but that took nearly 2 hours. The second room worked out well for us, but I won't be risking staying here again. Plus the pool was not available, I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website, I was looking forward to it for days. All in all, it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location, but they need to work on their customer service before I'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.	219	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Oh
wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended! stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible. The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn't even have a record of our reservation. After much inappropriate arguing, they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine. When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV. It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably. The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in. A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount. We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel, the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club. Overall, the service at the Sofitel was rude, rooms were unsatisfactory, restaurant sub-par, not well kept up or clean. In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record, like the FancyPants Hotel and suits, my personal favorite. this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance. staying here again! time staying here. Save your money.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower.	234	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Simply
stay at the James in late last August exceeded our expectations. My husband was in Chicago for a business trip, and I tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life. When we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors, and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly. He met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions. The lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive. Our room was also very clean. I could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet. The bed was comfortable, and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in. It has been awhile since I have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin. My husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month. The bathroom was also impressive. The water pressure was not something I had to mess with to get perfect, and the heater took no time at all to warm up. Even though I had brought my own shampoo and conditioner, I did give the amenities in the bathroom a try, and like everything else they exceeded my expectations. I did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms, however, my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities. I truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel, and if we are ever in the Chicago area again we will definitely be staying here. This hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure. touch. Highly recommended!	60	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Our
i first checked the hotel's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there. but i was totally disappointed once i got there, first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one, it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that. then when i was trying to enjoy the view, they windows were all dusty and dirty. so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse!. i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww!, its all i can say about this hotel.	30	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	when
our anniversary this year, my wife and I stayed at the Conrad. We're from the suburbs, so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us. It's expensive, so we expect the best for our money. This was most definitely not the best for our money. It wasn't even a good deal either. The problems began right off the bat. When we got to our room, we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room. It was like walking into a dusty attic. When I sat down to watch TV, it turns out it wasn't even connected to cable or anything. I kept changing the channel, but it was nothing but static and white noise. I even looked for another remote. After we left our things, we went out for a night in Chicago, but coming back, the smell seemed to have gotten worse. I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms. They moved us to a different room, but they had no explanation for the smell. For a single stay, that was more trouble than it was worth. it was terrible. a decent hotel. I won't be.	105	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	For
husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again! get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th, 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave, just two blocks from the Mag Mile, two blocks from Millenium Park, and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request. in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and, after our experience there, we will not be returning. With a hotel that markets itself as "luxury," we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck. We were disappointed, to say the least. First of all, we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small. The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space. The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality. Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3, we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready. Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology, they didn't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused. The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight. The hotel would not move us to a different room. All in all, I felt that we paid $100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $40 Motel 6. We will definitely not be back anytime soon. am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website, read about their "romantic weekend getaway." Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really didn't know what to expect, but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be. Upon arriving, the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car, unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic. It only went downhill from there. The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn't figure out what it was. We ended up getting a different room, which was very mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be staying here again. any reason whatsoever! to that place to other travelers. the Hilton Chicago!	18	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	We
windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury. With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking. This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire. with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best. With it over looking the great Chicago area. So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff. back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	96	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	What
choose the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago because I called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of Chicago. Well, when we arrived, it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service (which it had been since Tuesday, this was Saturday). Once we finally got to the 6th floor to check in, I figured our relaxing time had begun. Well, we got our room key and headed for the17th floor. Again, waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room. I put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - Yup we got double booked. The family was very nice and seemed OK with their surprise visitors. Said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the 6th floor registration to figure the mess out. We have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed. Made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation. I did get an apology and a new room. New key in hand waited AGAIN for an elevator to bring us to the 9th floor for a new room. FINALLY got to our room only to find it was a king suite. We are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys. There was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa. So, REALLY annoyed now, I called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though I had specifically asked for two beds when I booked. It said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when I checked in. She went so far to but TWO BEDS on my reservation paper work. The operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor. The only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area. Now, I paid a total of 349.00 for one night for this room. We got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal. I am pretty sure my next trip to Chicago will not include this hotel. I can tell you that we are frequent HWS/Hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future. worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel for two nights and I must say the service they rendered was quite impressive. They had very attentive and friendly staff members. The room that I stayed in was spacious for me and my husband. Their hotel restaurant served the most delicious steaks I have tasted, I ordered a classic fillet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if ever I come back to Chicago and would absolutely highly recommend this to my friends and family. my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
InterContinental Chicago hotel terrible. First of all, the continental breakfast was a joke. The food was unhealthy and unsatisfactory. After our first night, we expected the maid to come clean up our room. We came back from site-seeing to find that our room was in the same condition we left it in. I will never go back to this hotel again. that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance. staying here again! time staying here. Save your money. very average accommodations.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia! money somewhere else.	235	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	If
staff, clean building and rooms. The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing. Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city. Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit, spacious and comfortable.	236	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Friendly
would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times. She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first. The "night manager" at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation. (this was THEIR mistake) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived. They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes. I can't believe that a "manager" would treat a customer this way. There are other great hotels in Chicago. This hotel is not worth the aggravation! pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all. When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered. I am highly dissatisfied. to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels. hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future. the hotel guests.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
few nights ago, I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in the Theater District of Chicago. I'd heard some amazing things about the great food, and how friendly the staff were. Upon arrival, the service at the front desk and the bellman was fantastic! They treated me as if I stayed there all the time! The rooms were cozy, with very comfortable beds that helped me sleep through my jet lag. I ordered breakfast the next morning, and had room service bring it up. The meal was brought up only a few minutes after ordering, and was delicious! I would recommend these accommodations for anyone traveling, or any families staying in Chicago, as the rooms were very reasonably priced, and is a short distance to lots of great sites. Next time I come through Chicago, I will definitely be staying here!	12	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	A
lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very, very well appointed, but not large, and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately, the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost, and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings, not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built, well-furnished hotel.	107	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	A
was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the Sheraton, but a recent stay at their downtown location in Chicago was somewhat of a disappointment. It started with check in; I had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed, but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms (OK, rather rudely!) that because of some banker's convention that was going on, I should be happy with the double-bed room that was left. It was all I could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience! The room itself was OK, nothing special though. The cleaning staff must've just been through, because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air. The internet jack wasn't working. It took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it, no apologies given. For the price, I really expected more in the way of customer service from Sheraton. I guess they're really no better than anyone else these days! this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed at the Hilton Chicago for my cousins wedding. The service was impeccable. Not only was the staff attentive, they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner. I had the chicken wellington and it was to die for! The chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy. They even had Pakistani dinner options for some of the guests. The amenities were great, and after an open bar the night before, the Mimosas and brunch buffet couldn't have been better! I would love to have my wedding there. a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
really wish I could say that I liked this hotel, but the whole experience was just plain awful. My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation. The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing. At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel, and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting, he booked me for the wrong dates. He read me the right dates, and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he'd given me the wrong dates. Hilton did get it fixed, but I already had a bad feeling about my stay. Then came actually staying at the hotel. The people at the check-in desk were downright rude. Then there was the room. I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room, but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The hotel staff refused to believe me, but did let me change rooms to one that didn't smell of cigarettes. However, I might as well have stayed in the first room. I was short towels, and it took four calls(over a period of 12 hours) to the front desk to get some. The sheets had not been changed, made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them. Yes, I was able to get fresh sheets, but like the towels, it took several hours for them to be delivered. Since this is a pet friendly hotel, lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs. The walls were so paper thin, all I could hear all night was barking. When I complained about it, the staff refused to believe me, and said that the walls of the room are so thick I shouldn't be able to hear anything from next door. Yeah right. I was excited to use the pool, but just like my room, it hadn't been cleaned recently. Then, I tried the fitness center. Half the equipment was broken. I tried to cut my stay short, but of course this hotel wouldn't work with me at all. They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with. I will never stay with Hilton again, and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was. with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago, and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival. When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees. When I arrive I'm told fee to valet park is $49 per day, plus another $10 for internet. This is just plain ridiculous, and will remember not to stay here in future. There's too many other fine hotels that don't charge these fees.	237	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Hello,
recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in Chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning. the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me. the room wasnt at all what i was expecting. it was dingy, dirty, and just seems like an old hotel. just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel. seemed like the quality you'd expect from a cheap motel.	238	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	i
love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future. the hotel guests.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
Affinia Chicago is a wonderful place to stay, my husband and I stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time. The rooms were very well organized and comfortable, the staff there are very friendly, and the food there is more then amazing. we are defiantly going back next year. do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel. was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
luxurious and worth the money. If you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose. The staff was great and friendly. Dont forget the 24 hour room service which is a great treat.	124	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Very
you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location, the Intercontinental is it--right on the Magnificent Mile, next to the Chicago River, across from the Wrigley Building. My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway, and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park, shopping, Navy Pier, great dining, exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River. Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay. Maria, one of the concierges, was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat. The room was lovely and comfortable, although our tub didn't drain well. Just a wonderful stay! worth the money!	33	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	If
was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster. The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in...they knew we had 6! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel. When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other. After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor, unfortunately one of the rooms hadn't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around. The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating. On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am. Despite my calls to the front desk, the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes. We also didn't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly. One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door. I understand they allow pets, but really...people need to clean up after their animals...or have some dog free floors. While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms, their service was terrible, the staff was rude, and I still can't get over that dog poo in the hallway. I definitely won't be staying here again. here ever again.	161	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	What
Monaco is simply amazing. I travel quite a bit, and am use to generic hotels, with horribly unimpressive rooms, and "5 star amenities" which usually mean a packet of instant coffee, and room service that won't serve after 9pm. Hotel Monaco on the other hand was very impressive. The suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy. This hotel has such personality. My absolute favorite part of my stay, aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs, was the in-room spa treatment. Hotel Monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me. Generic just won't do anymore. place to be. Hotel 5/5 stars!	239	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Hotel
experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.	240	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	the
is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel, and a normal hotel. The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other. I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area, and people are smoking their lungs out. Even though this hotel is really glamourous, has a nice bar, a nice restaurant, great music, it is still not a good stay if you don't like people smoking beside you.	188	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	There
had heard good things about the Ambassador East and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake! First off, they charge for being able to use the internet, which should be a given these days, especially for how much you pay for the room. The "champagne" was cheap , I could have spent $15 to get my own bottle. The King room was just as small as a double room anyway. The bed was really hard, and crudely made. Maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn't know how to make a bed, but besides that, the sheets were starched to military stiffness. It was so uncomfortable! When I asked if we might get some new sheets, the staff were so incredibly rude and told me I was basically stuck with what I had because they're "all that way". I was appalled! Anyway, we gave it a shot and stayed there that night, in the mediocre luster of the room design. We didn't sleep well and didn't particularly enjoy ourselves, especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party! I mean, talk about the opposite of peaceful! Again, we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party, but they said they couldn't move us because of the romance package. What a jip! After the kind of "fun" we'd had, we realized we couldn't handle anymore. We called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours. We wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay, and he said he'd do that, but that we'd still be charged a percentage of it! After telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were, we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing. not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
location of this hotel was superb! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular. The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect. One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter. We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same. hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again. day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
to this hotel on a family vacation. We chose this hotel because it was pet friendly. Upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was! The dog that greets you attacked my dog. There was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast, I found hair in my eggs! I would not recommend this hotel!	241	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Traveled
have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights,a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor,absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop,but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn,not a real bus stop,but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel. Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
this hotel the first time I was in Chicago. For the prices and for being classified an intercontinental...I wouldn't consider it that good. The rooms were solid. The view was ok (but so is it virtually everywhere else on Michigan Ave.) The service was ok. The prices were ridiculous for everything from wifi to well everything else. We came here for a Jewish/Hindi wedding. Appetizer was fine. Main entree was a small portion of meat with forgettable everything else. Dessert was inedible. I have been to some other expensive hotels with similar ratings but they had more or just better rooms to an extent that it would be worth it. I personally preferred the Conrad. Better prices and better service.	242	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Used
me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.	5	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Let
ate at the Prime House restaurant last year, that is why we picked the hotel. Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding. This year the service felt rushed. The waitress even asked why we were eating so early. It was 6:30pm. Our room in the hotel felt cramped. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom had maintenance problems. The maid service and turndown out night was good. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying. great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go. again, even post-construction. stay there again!	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.	161	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	What
family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27, 2012. We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina, but chose to stay closer to home this year. The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived, even though we paid for an upgrade. We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after. Upon our return, nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume, it wasn't even checked as promised. We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more. They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming, the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it, the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty, too! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all....There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well. Very disappointing to say the least. I have buyer's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds! We were compensated for our upgrade - $20.00 but given the price of parking, taxes, and etc. at this point I wouldn't recommend this Hyatt to anyone. My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel. I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility. an adequate apology. paid full price. NEVER STAY AGAIN!! or elsewhere again. the maid's shoes!) are VERY disappointed. bark to finish.	46	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	My
Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again! prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance. staying here again! time staying here. Save your money. very average accommodations. my business elsewhere. the bathroom towels.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago. The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased, whether during the day or at night. It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work. Probably one of the best beds I've ever slept on. The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey's reminded me of when I lived in Italy. Overall a completely amazing experience. I can't wait to book my next stay here. recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay. the suite rooms!!! of your stay.	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one; although, it was intended to be for five days, it only last two. When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez. The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him. When we checked in, we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it. We then returned to Lobby, and to our dismay, the hotel had Double Booked the room! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a "better" room. The bed was unbearable, the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes (although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep. However, it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room. I needed an Ambien to go to sleep. I woke up with backaches, the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day, and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room. Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt. experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave. price. Linda Davies I'll visit again!	47	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	
stayed here for a weekend trip to Chicago and we will come back and stay here again. It was great place front desk clerks were very helpful.Also we loved the view. Very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean. We will def stay here again highly recommended. friends and family! everything just right! the next morning. jaunt to Chicago. anyone visiting Chicago.	29	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	We
family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011. I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general. When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children, take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way. The cleaning crew the next morning didn't even knock at our door before opening the door. My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower. Thank god my husband was already at his conference. The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience. Louisiana resident. this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
travelled to Illinois from the UK on business, and booked Friday and Saturday night at the Homewood Suites so that I could have a weekend in the city. The location was perfect, walking distance to Michigan Ave for all the shopping and touristy stuff, and literally 100 yards to the L (red line) for getting out to the surrounding areas. The room was great: not exactly 'wow' decor but clean and really well stocked. I was expecting a 'suite' to be a larger than average hotel room with seperate sitting area. It was actually a 3-room mini-apartment, with an open lounge/kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. Two flatscreen TVs and a huge bed. Breakfast buffet eggs and bacon were great for the hangover(!), and the kitchen meant that I could cook up some lunch rather than eat out if needed. recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future. the hotel guests.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
was very disappointed with this hotel. The front desk clerk was rude; she was on a personal call and took 10 mins. to get off the phone. When I arrived in the room the bed wasn't made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty. I called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment(on the twelveth floor). Once downstairs the clerk treated me as though I had done something wrong. When I arrived in the new room I found the bathroom less than clean... There was hair all over the floor, toilet and shower. The shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror. My allergies started to bother me, immediately upon entering the room, so I checked the filter in the air conditioner. Which looked like it had never been cleaned.The comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum. While waiting on acceptable room I went to dinner. Which proved to be as bad as the rooms. The lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy. The steak was rare and I asked for medium. Not to mention, it tasted like rotten meat.The veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry. To top the whole experience off... When I went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a 2 day hospital stay. in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night, but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you. this Hotel again.	213	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Not
Affinia Manhattan is fantastic! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister. I loved the room. It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in. The view was incredible. Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. The staff was very helpful as well. They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful. I would suggest this hotel to anybody! the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California. I didn't know about the renovation when I made the reservations, but that didn't bother me very much. I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben, who was friendly enough, but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay. He gave me NO information about anything. I had no idea where breakfast was served, or even if there WAS breakfast. There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk(she wasn't wearing a name tag but was African American, slim with short hair) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility. It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say, made me feel unwelcome. I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel. I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit, and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness. I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners. No matter what may be going on in one's life, when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile. I was appalled by her demeanor. My room was alright, there was no clock which I found very odd. Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct, especially upon waking up in the morning. It would have been nice to have a clock. There was also no literature on local sites, maps, restaurant menus, or even anything with the hotel's name and address in the room. Also, the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I've ever slept on in my life. I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck. I've had better sleep on a hard, lumpy futon. It was absurd. Like another person posted, my tub did not drain either, and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found. Maybe they were around somewhere, but I wasn't made aware of it at check-in, and I didn't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance, but I absolutely would not stay here again. I've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel, which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations. a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended. go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor. The location, rooms, amenities and price via Expedia were good. My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow (even at 1am), the concierge (Sarita) was hopeless, staff were generally rude. Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning. Finally, just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse!!! Would I stay here again? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby. at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go. again, even post-construction. stay there again!	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
Swissotel Chicago is a delight to visit. Located in downtown Chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste. They have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite. Rooms have exceptional views of downtown Chicago. This hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment. Other places to stop by to eat is the Palms, Geneva and the Lobby Lounge. we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home. you will too.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
there three nights from 4/17/09 through 4/20/09. Chechecked in about 9:15 AM. Had to wait about 15 minutes because of specials requests I had made. Room was quiet, and comfortable. Marked improvement over last time I stayed there (about 5 years ago). The renovations were great, and maintained the old time charm of the hotel. business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia Festival for strudel!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed.	243	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Dispite
recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel, located on North Rush Street. As part of the Hilton hotel chain, I was confident that I would have a positive experience. Unfortunately, from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out, I was plagued with nothing but problems. When I walked into the hotel, I was not greeted by the concierge, which is usually a bad sign. (He was reading a newspaper.) Then, when I announced that I was holding a reservation, they desk clerk was unable to find it. I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system, but they could not find the room I had reserved. Finally, they assigned me a room, but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor. I was very disappointed with the room and its decor. The room smelled of stale smoke, even though it was on a non-smoking floor. The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom. I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago. Surely, this was not the way the Hilton chain operates! There continued to be problem throughout my stay. I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late, which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting. I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room, and it never showed up -- at all! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm, so my shower was short and unsatisfying. I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues. Upon my return home, I wrote a letter to the hotel manager, but never received a reply. Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems, I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again, and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future. clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price. Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it. the new renovation.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
room was big and luxurious, befitting the price tag ($299). Bed was very comfortable. However, my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft, and I heard the elevators running all night. Also held a one-day conference there for 25 people. They stuck us in a long, narrow room that was cramped. Also, the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the Palm restaurant in the hotel. Service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served. And the steaks were only so-so, a far cry from my experience with other Palms. this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night cannot go wrong. Ah, city noise." wouldn't stay here. a princess there.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
from the location, great, but it stops there. Upon check-in, I was informed I would have a queen bed. I asked for a king size bed, and I was told there would be a charge for going up to a king. GIVE ME A BREAK, a surcharge for going from a queen to a king. When I got up to the room, it was like a oven. I could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service. Everything in the room had a charge associated to it, even down to the coffee, $1.00. Now what's up with that? I was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom. Very small. I have stayed there twice and with so many other options, I feel this will be my last.	244	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Apart
we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect.	245	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	OK,
am usually a big fan of Kimpton Hotels, but this place is awful !!! I would rate it poor from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. It is an old, dark and damp hotel that they slapped a coat of paint on to make it look more "botique" . The carpets are dirty, and tattered; patrons are walking around the lobby in their barefeet. yuck!!! The bathrooms are tiny, and the floors look like they have a layer of flith on them. When we called down to the desk to ask for them to be cleaned, we were brushed off and told they were made to look that way. We woke up on the first morning to find multiple wads of gum on the lobby table. We told the front desk, called housekeeping, and then called the front desk again..finally after several hours someone came and cleaned the gum. The elevators are slow, and often only one is working at any given time. I did not find the staff to be friendly at all, except for one waiter @ breakfast. What a disappointment :( elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life.	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago! place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home. you will too. or family traveller.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air, but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable, but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go. again, even post-construction. stay there again!	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago. What a joke. To start off, the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed. I don't know who made the bed up in my room, but it could have been done better by my 7 year old. Ditto the bathroom. Water spots, soap scum and (ugh) hair of ALL kinds in the sink, tub and about the floor. GROSS. I requested non-smoking, either they didn't listen or didn't care, but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray. The "beautiful view" was ruined by water spots - not outside(which is forgiveable) but INSIDE! And they were sticky. I stayed only one night. The Holiday Inn had rooms available, and they were clean. Never Again. your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit. stay there again! a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool. Highly recommend it. stay anywhere else! from the hotel. a great property! at the Palm. try it again!	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
InterContinental Chicago Hotel is absolutely magnificent. The rooms are of utmost standard and you get treated with such respect. The staff is always there no matter what. Not only is the hotel beautiful but it surrounded by beautiful lights and beautiful skyscrapers. I give it two dumbs up. If you are ever in Chicago the InterContinental Chicago is the place to stay. my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home. you will too. or family traveller. we were there.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean. on the website. - a gem!! bathroom, top-notch amenities. Swissotel to everyone! of the customers. a nice gesture).	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
overall a decent property, the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights, checking out on Monday, March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet, my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival, and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager, Mike Yunan, didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel, Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me, the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company, Travelers, which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability, nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage, which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in, but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location, contradicting the garage manager. In the end, this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee, rental car expenses, several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue, and one gigantic headache. In the end, do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel, and take your business elsewhere if at all possible. to another hotel.	63	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	While
wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights. The wonderful photos don't do the hotel justice. It couldn't have been a more ideal stay. The room was spacious and and clean, the bathroom sparkling, with every amenity one could imagine. The bed felt like it had been just delivered. Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular. On top of all of this, the hotel staff was extremely helpful. They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at, and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy! Believe everything good that you read. If you visit Chicago, stay at the Conrad Chicago. from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago. special weekend getaway.	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews. Boy, were these reviews wrong!! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors. I was not greeted by the receptionist, it was like I wasn't even there. My room was NOT ready for me when I got there, even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time, then once I was allowed to go to my room, it was filthy! It was as if they didn't even clean it, so I don't know what the hold up was. There were no towels, shampoo or soap in the bathroom. The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub! The place was the most disgusting place I've ever been to, and it is supposed to be one of the nicest! It should be the nicest for the price they charge. I do not recommend staying here! Stay at your own risk!! kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all. happier as well.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
a frequent traveler for work, I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago, this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member, you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night, all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.	156	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	As
absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago. The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it. The room was absolutely stunning! First of all, it was so spotless and clean. The design of it was beautiful! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even. The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor. There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available. There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too. The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly. I didn't have any problems at all but if I did I'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge! I can't wait to go back to this hotel. It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation! in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat!	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children. While the room was comfortable, I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children. The main reason for this was the dining. While the in house restaurants had children's options, there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal. Anyone with children knows that you don't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times. This was especially true since we were traveling. We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed. However, our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants. This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package. make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all. happier as well.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel. The hotel is very elegant, classy and only offers the best. The hotel offers complimentary breakfast, along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons. The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look. This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime. I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful, yet comfortable hotel experience.	246	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Homewood
hotel is in a great city with great personnel working there. The rooms are more than you can expect for a hotel. The services are abundant, leaving no room to complain. With their fine diners, you cannot go wrong with enjoying a peaceful meal while relaxing. With this hotel, it is truly an all-in-one hotel. There are meeting rooms and business centers, leaving unfinished work not be a worry during the stay. In addition, the spacious swimming pool is just the thing needed to relieve yourself of stress. The views from the rooms are breathtaking. I would definitely recommend staying there! hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay. the suite rooms!!! of your stay. in the area!	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle. with no answers.	247	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Beautiful
Monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of Chicago. It is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities. I had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility. Perfectly set up to handle any business traveler, sight seer, convention, wedding or shopper. They offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant. I noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages. Guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable. In room spa's and top notch room service is second to none. The South Water Kitchen is a true downtown Chicago restaurant offering mid-west American dishes and several signature cocktails. I know that anytime I visit Chicago, Hotel Monaco is my place to be. Hotel 5/5 stars!	239	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Hotel
Hilton Chicago, located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago, has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time. The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic, but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards. Lacking any form of fitness center, the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout. Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point, and the outrageous parking fee of $43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination. Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere, meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites, you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience. against staying there. hotel in Chicago. included in that. recommend staying there. out of 5. your money elsewhere. Hotel another chance. staying here again! time staying here. Save your money. very average accommodations. my business elsewhere. the bathroom towels. of a hotel.	4	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	The
WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!	248	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	MY
review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel. to grating. Ugh! not go back. outweigh the negatives. TO PLAY WITH. a different one. city in general! to be trying.	19	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	This
husband and I stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend. It was far from that! We could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain, the person who answered the phone was extremely rude! We were unable to relax at all! Also, the room was not very clean, there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock. We will not be returning to this awful place! might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. in other cities.	249	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	As
made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!	250	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	You
hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat. The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket. This place looks alright in the lobby, but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago, this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night. Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession. Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic. Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached, particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call. definitely not return. recommend this hotel!!! The Palmer House.	92	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	This
Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again! a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool. Highly recommend it. stay anywhere else! from the hotel. a great property! at the Palm. try it again!	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
only stayed at this hotel for one night, the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived, never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms, OK staff , horrible elevators, overpriced drinks. even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life. at this establishment. for my taste.[-----]	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount! for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life. at this establishment. for my taste.[-----]	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
booked an American Girl Place package at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. Told that we'd have a room with a nice view, apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building! Ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking, cost us $100 more a night than we were told, and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant. Would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever! to that place to other travelers. the Hilton Chicago! stay somewhere else!	18	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	We
husband and I snagged a great deal on a weekend trip to Chicago, and decided (at the recommendation of friends) to stay at the Palmer House Hilton. The only word we can use to describe it is "amazing"! Walking into the lobby feels like stepping back in time, it is simply breath-taking. Be sure to check out the ceiling, I have never seen one so beautiful outside of Europe. We checked-in without any issues and were assigned a very lovely room with the most comfortable bed I have encountered in any hotel. Everything is in walking distance of the Palmer House, you couldn't hope to find a better location for exploring downtown Chicago. Everything was perfect with our stay here, I would not stay anywhere else in Chicago from now on. the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago. special weekend getaway. it. Highly recommended!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future. not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat! for my needs.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
recently had my wedding at the Omni Hotel in Chicago and I was more than pleased. The decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one, I was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once I met with the staff at the Omni I was certain that it was the way to go. The staff was so attentive and friendly, and I felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel. I highly recommend the Omni Hotel in Chicago, brides will not be dissapointed! at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat! for my needs.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny, but ours was perfectly fine, with funky, fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly, and before we even made it to the desk, a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel! about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future. the hotel guests. for a weekend. steak...very well done. stay there again stay there again. passing through Chicago.	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny, all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel, but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel (ever!). The crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again. The newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet. The shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean. This hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides. There is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface, probaly concrete with no pad in between. The lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space. We were in town on business and supposed to stay 4 nights, we left after 2 and went to another hotel.	63	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	While
Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay. of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home. you will too. or family traveller. we were there. enjoy our stay.	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again! spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal! going to Chicago. here. Be cool. Highly recommend it. stay anywhere else! from the hotel. a great property! at the Palm. try it again! to go back!	0	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	The
at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure. Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia Festival for strudel! in the future.	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed, so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again. lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night cannot go wrong. Ah, city noise." wouldn't stay here. a princess there.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
husband, three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay. The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly. At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us. One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator. The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room. The room was decent. Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good. We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday. As my son was tired, we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner. There was no children's menu for room service. Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen, what??? We ordered an adult meal. The food arrived an hour later, cold and unappealing. But we at it because we couldn't wait another hour. Although the hotel looks lovely. The service was not very good. Most of the staff was cold and snooty. Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice. It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children. A comfortable motel might be better. staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience. this hotel again.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there, and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure, the staff was nothing less than amazing, always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience, if you didn't stay at the Talbott. this cool hotel. stay there again. especially for families. new favorite hotel.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
I have been to many hotels as a business man, and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels. But wow, this hotel was great. The staff was prompt, the room was extremely clean, and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine. I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things. Usually I have to pay 5$ for a stupid toothbrush, but not here! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental. I was very worried about the Chicago area's reputation of bad hotels, but this turned out just great. Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago, I know where I am staying!	251	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Wow!
stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep. Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you. regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located. at this hotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .	116	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	After
travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price. like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located. at this hotel.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
this on priceline for an insanely low price of $65 a night. The BF and I were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous! A nice upscale, downtown feel and super comfy beds. We had a fabulous view from the 25th floor that inlcluded a sliver of Lake Michigan, a sliver of the Taste of Chicago crowds, and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times. Seriously. We had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us. The hotel consists mainly of 2 towers and is like a huge, sprawling city inside. But we weren't there to stay in the hotel room the entire time...we like to get out and explore as much as possible. The location was fantastic. Easy walking distance to Michigan Avenue and the rest of downtown. We walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab. I also highly recommend the Urban Cruise on the river (the entrance is right across from the hotel)--we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise Lake Michigan a bit too. Don't park your car here if you don't need to--it's very expensive. Park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won't need it anyway, you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab. Love Chicago and totally recommend this hotel! again for sure.	221	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Booked
hotel is excellently situated for visiting The Art Institute or Millennium Park. It is an "old classic" of a hotel, and the main lobby is a must see, but I would not stay there again. The problem with any hotel dating from long ago (the current one was built in 1923-25) is that, even with extensive remodeling (which was done in 2007-2009) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today (in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much). We had a reasonably sized room (king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries. Also, there was no coffee machine in the room - something I have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days. My major complaint about this stay was the Executive Lounge. It is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d'oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price. (Since we are currently at the diamond level in the Hilton Honors program, we get access for free at the Hiltons but I usually upgrade at other chains such as the Hyatt.) At the Palmer Executive Lounge I ordered a couple of glasses of wine (there was a bartender on duty) and was slightly surprised by the cost - $9/glass which came to $21.44 for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine. It was about the worst wine I had tasted in many years. I didn't think it was even as good as Trader Joe's cheapest $2.99 wine that I tried a couple of weeks ago. Unfortunately I didn't get a look at the bottle to see what it was (although I did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard). I noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and I can understand iot at the prices they were charging. It then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time. I checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar. The cabernet was a William Hill at $10.50/glass from room service. I presume that what I had had at some time been a William Hill that had been left to turn to vinegar. It was slightly more expensive from room service, but I hope that it was in a lot better condition. one of them. again. ...read more there too much. the 23rd June. like chicqgo nightlife! 300.00 a night cannot go wrong. Ah, city noise." wouldn't stay here. a princess there.	15	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	The
a my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it. While the amenities were plush, the service of the staff was lacking. Upon check in, my reservation was "lost" and it took over 30 minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay. There was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way. Room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room. A used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out. I am not sure my sheets were changed out. When I checked out, the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report I spent days creating. Overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers. I will be relunctant to stay with them again until I am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better. been made simpler. of our trip. the cancellation deadline.	9	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	After
hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website. - a gem!! bathroom, top-notch amenities. Swissotel to everyone! of the customers. a nice gesture).	11	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	This
stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel. the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too... also nice view from the roof-bar. The area is pleasant nice and clean, minute walk to magnificant mile, easy to walk around to the lake. friendly stuff, very clean, great warm hotel to stay in. it does not have the "big hotel" factory-like feeling - more like home :) check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located. at this hotel. Would stay again.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation. it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all. happier as well. coffee. Stay away!	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
stayed here for one night, and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest. We found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - @ $200 for the night. We felt when we checked in that if you weren't with the conference, then why were we staying in the hotel. The guy at the main door didn't even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby, we then had to que for 15-20 minutes just to check in. We were not given any information about the hotel and when I rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that I could access the Internet through, I was just short of being asked why didn't I bring my lap-top with me so I could use the Internet access in the room.... !! I found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist. a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go. again, even post-construction. stay there again! money we paid.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
I made my reservations at Softiel in Chicago, I was expecting the ultimate in Luxury but Softiel failed to deliver. Everything was just ok. I do not spend money on a quality hotel for "just ok". If I want "just ok" I'll check into the Days Inn! First of all there were problems with our reservation. I asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor! The desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this. I eventually got it fixed but I certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process. Later when I went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us. The room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure. On the second day of our stay, housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee. They also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets. Minor I know, but when you're paying for a luxury experience, you kind of expect luxury! The hotel itself was nice but the staff really don't deliver. I would not stay here again. You can get a nice clean room at LaQuinta for 1/4 the price and the staff is much more helpful. he never came. possibly be worse.	37	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	When
Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son, who is training for the U.S. Navy. They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation. The indoor pool and sauna are amazing, and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped. If you dine at the LB Bistro, you must try the Eggs Benedict :) The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature. stay here again. I visit Chicago. was in order. worth the stay. return to Chicago. my business trips. it five stars. given the opportunity. all over again. to stay here! the Amalfi Hotel! in that area. stay there again. go back again. years to come. away from home. you will too. or family traveller. we were there. enjoy our stay. will too. A+	10	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	The
had a great experience staying at the Conrad Chicago, the service was top notch, the price was good, but out of everything the service was outstanding. I would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location. Right next to the shops at North Bridge! would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat! for my needs. not be disappointed! to the Sheraton. Hotel and Towers.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
booked a room at Swissotel Chicago because I thought the price was reasonable, and at the base price it was; however, it ended up costing more than I had planned for, as you have to pay for parking and other amenities. The service was not very good, considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel. There was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so, and the staff were cold. All in all, I would say it was an average experience... not luxurious like they claim it to be. at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all. happier as well. coffee. Stay away! the area again.	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler's best friend. Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. Centrally located in the heart of downtown, the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction. On arrival the staff goes into overdrive. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel. The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens. My room came equipped with flat screen tv, wi-fi and high speed internet. Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you. There were also car rental on site as were restaurants, cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room. They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features. There is also catering and limo service. The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional. All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between. This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered. My only regret? That I could not stay much longer.	252	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Quite
the price, you would think this would be a top quality hotel, but it was nowhere close. Service at check-in was slow and unfriendly. The room was even worse. It was small, dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though I had requested a non-smoking room. The cover on the bed was stained, there was hair all over the bathroom floor, and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall. Everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel. I also didn't appreciate having to pay for wifi, when other premium hotels offer it for free. Overall, this was one of the worst hotels I have stayed at in a long time, and considering the price, it was terrible. a decent hotel. I won't be.	105	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	For
and my wife stayed at the Omni hotel in Chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital. We ended up only staying for 2 nights and the service was awful here. At first once coming into the room, there was a mildewy smell in the air, which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase. The continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well. The eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all. To make matters even worse, the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon, when my wife was back from exploring the city. This was simply unacceptable by any standard.	79	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Me
fiance and I had taken a trip to Chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to Downtown, so he chose the Amalfi Hotel, located conveniently to everything we needed. This place was phenomenal!!! He chose a romantic getaway package, as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever. The hotel is super clean and very chic; the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb. We were able to bring along our dog, which was also really important to us. The first day we were there, we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple's massage. The masseuses come straight to your room so it's really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great. After our massages, we went to the Keefer Steakhouse, which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic. They do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the Rocket grill, which was nice as well. In all, our 3 nights there were pretty similar, we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there; I've recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the Windy City. would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago. special weekend getaway. it. Highly recommended!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit. a great hotel!	82	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	After
stay at The Palmer House Hilton was less than satisfactory. I would have expected much for from such a "high end" hotel. The rooms were way over priced, and the service was less than satisfactory. At one point, I left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up, and when room service came through, they were still there! On the other side of things, the cup I had left on my desk (which I was planning to use later) was gone. My coffee and my towels were also never replaced. I also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room. Rather, it was a "nominal fee". After paying so much for a room, I had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi. My stay at the Palmer House Hilton left much to be wished for. I will not be staying there again. recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience. this hotel again.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
wife and I were guests at the Hotel Allego in Chicago for a long weekend getaway (September 2 - 5, 2011). We had checked out the hotel's website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip. Once we arrived, the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy. When I asked to be moved to another room (my wife has asthma) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time. The room was not particularly well-cleaned: we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor, and a film of dust across the television set. We are not the type to complain, so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it. At nighttime when we tried to sleep, we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin, every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly. We were tossing and turning half the night. In the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day, but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated: a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack. The concierge was almost never around in the lobby (her sign always said "Be right back!") and when we did ask her questions, she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us. The second night was without incident, luckily, except for the terrible bed, but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our "Do Not Disturb" sign. I would not recommend this hotel. the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience. this hotel again.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located. at this hotel. Would stay again. I'm in town.	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend. not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it. the new renovation.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
husband and I visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon. It's a very nice hotel, but the valet parking is very expensive, $53.00 per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car. The pool was very nice, and the water was warm. The front desk was very nice and helpful, If I ever visited Chicago again I would stay there. Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago. special weekend getaway. it. Highly recommended! traveling in Chicago!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
stepping foot on the hotel propety I could tell it was a negative place, Seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be Vice Lords all aroung the property. Not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang, It's just the way they was acting, drinking the hotels cheepest wine, they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell's angels was to some concerts. Walking in the hotel i oder hit me. It smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled, only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine. I looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place. Me being a high class bizness man, I decided to leave.	253	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	First
here for two days in the first week in January, when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly, decor is modern, and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast, which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives, breads, cheeses and meats, marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in, fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L', and quiet, despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago, stay here. and The Affinia Festival for strudel! in the future. we felt safe!	32	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Stayed
daughter wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago for her 21st birthday recently, and I wanted to find the best hotel for her experience. I looked at the hotel website and really like Hotel Allegro's insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services, so I booked us for a Friday and Saturday night. Upon arriving, the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant. Not enough to warrant a verbal complaint, but enough to make my daughter and I feel uneasy. After check-in, which took at least 20 minutes due to severe under-staffing, we headed to our room trying to be optimistic. Our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested, the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound, and we only had a stock of 2 towels, which were never replaced during our stay. We made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel. It was a huge disappointment, for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl. I highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel. There are much better choices in the Chicago area. stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience. this hotel again.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
hotel was wonderful. My room was clean and the staff was courteous. The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional. This was on of the best hotel stays, ive experienced. I highly suggest this hotel to others. definitely come again! Casey L. Skinner the Windy City. place to stay. the suite rooms!!! of your stay. in the area! trip to chicago!	48	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	This
stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town. It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it! The staff was super friendly, the pool was clean and well-maintained, and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs (I'm a vegetarian). Plus, I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous. I would definitely recommend. downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat! for my needs. not be disappointed! to the Sheraton. Hotel and Towers.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May, 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast. The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south. The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs, non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast, coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal. Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat, always informative and ready to provide maps, directions, multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs. Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river. If in Chicago again, would not hesitate to stay here again. A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it. review from there. and large bathroom. value for money. stay there again. were top notch. stay here again. Definitely recommend it. the new renovation.	8	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	My
stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit. InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life. at this establishment. for my taste.[-----] hotel to anyone. with pets too. do. ...read more	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. We stayed in a suite, which was clean and extremely nice, at a very reasonable rate. My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool, but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck. Service was excellent; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area. recomend staying there. a new city. be visiting Chicago! recommend the spa! area in Chicago. do in Chicago. room was emaculate. was top notch. half star hotel! of the best. well appointed hotel. in the future. its worth it. a heart beat! for my needs. not be disappointed! to the Sheraton. Hotel and Towers.	17	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	I
for a week last month. Can't beat the location - close to the Magnificent Mile, Attractions, Tours, Great Restaurants & Night Life. Have spent a lot of nights in other Homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels. Thought the room was ok, not great. Overpriced in my opinion. Found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful. Had to wait in the lobby on the 6th floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less. Watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well. Breakfast was the same stuff day after day. As the week went on, they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished (weekly delivery I guess). Also, the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a 5 star restaurant. Travel for work (sales) and frequently stay in hotels. Travel with family every year and also stay in hotels. This is roughing it for me...not a camper. Would come to Chicago again, but would not stay here. There are too many other options worth investigating.	27	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Stayed
stayed two nights. We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant. He was very cold. Our room was very, very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days. The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet. We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink, the door to the bar was locked. We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn't and were told they were short staffed, 'sorry'. WHAT?? are you running here? You are a hotel in the country's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel. of the management. unproven dress rehearsal. Lesson learned. Brett yet to go. again, even post-construction. stay there again! money we paid. was filthy dirty.	13	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	We
was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time. from this hotel. a huge inconvenience. at this hotel. very disappointing stay. didn't match up. under any circumstances. and Park Hyatt. 8pm, including weekends. Trump facility Thanks than this place. a wonderful stay. doing a massage. to the hotel. staying somewhere else. a hotel room. Season we go! of my life. at this establishment. for my taste.[-----] hotel to anyone. with pets too. do. ...read more AT THIS HOTEL!!!	45	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	I
you want to stay in a fabulous hotel in the city and you're willing to pay a little extra, I'd recommend this place.Also, pay the extra for a corner room - the views of the city are spectacular.A short walk to Michigan Avenue. Excellent service from the valets, concierge, lobby agents, and waitstaff in the restaurants. The food in the restaurants was great and room service wasn't too shabby either.Well worth the money!	33	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	If
would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position, lovely quiet rooms, good facilities, complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel. very good option. $99 per night! have a drink. was lovely also. the hilton chain. is still awe-inspiring. wireless internet access. or Grant Parks. execute against that. place to stay. AM? Go figure... in the future. stay here again. in the future. the hotel guests. for a weekend. steak...very well done. stay there again stay there again. passing through Chicago. it to others. for exploring Chicago. door for free. within walking distance!	21	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	I
husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff. Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance, but they rooms were also clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests. We'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant. Fabulous food! the spa... *wink* here to anyone. keep coming back! stay here again. anyone I meet. vacation. Thank you. definitely be back. a hotel stay. are in Chicago. special weekend getaway. it. Highly recommended! traveling in Chicago!	6	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	My
putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge, Jared. I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel. stay there again. especially for families. new favorite hotel.	56	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Just
was disappointed in my stay at The James. I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs. Each time I sat down for a meal, I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter. Most times, I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included. My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations, I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine. I was assured that this was no problem. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed. We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned. Overall, it was not an entirely horrific stay, but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber. Next time I visit Chicago, I will be staying at another hotel. to stay elsewhere. stay there again. horrific experience again. worth the money. the chain's reputation. somewhere for less. has to offer. or personal trips. at all costs! to return here. Grander Louisville, KY hotel to anyone. spend it here. about customer service. Hilton-brand hotel suite. Hotel and Towers. come back again. left very unsatisfied. again? Probably not. hotel to ANYONE. again. Traveler beware!! hotel ever again. Traveler, San Francisco anyone stay here. albeit slightly dimwitted. the customer service. stay in Chicago. avoided by all. happier as well. coffee. Stay away! the area again. leave me "allegro."	2	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	I
the Architecture of the hotel is quaint, that is about the only positive of this terible hotel. The guest services were unhelpful at best, and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful. And as for the rooms, small, cramped, and it seemed as if the sheets hadn't been cleaned in the last 5 years. My stay here was distasteful, and I never intend to return, except to ask for my money back. as guests there.	145	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	Although
prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to "sit tight" and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a "parlor room," with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That's real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn't do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of "inside tower" rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.	254	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	Months
a gorgeous hotel! From the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the Sheraton and in Chicago. The heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better, and to top it off with great restaurants, you couldn't ask a hotel for more! Starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we'll be back every time we visit Chicago.	255	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	What
had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels, as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, well decorated, spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view, but warned it was across from the elevator, so we decided to take the quiet, large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning, and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again. trip very special. in the spring. / lobby area be worth it. would highly recommend. for our money. the Chicago river. a great view. again any time. North Michigan Avenue. 10 and 13. great trip suggestion! for the money. the Palmer House! for your stay. yes I would. your Chicago visit. and ideally located. at this hotel. Would stay again. I'm in town. stay here again!	1	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	We
location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size, very clean and with a nice river view - Overall, a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure, we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points) with air conditioning!	100	TRUTHFULPOSITIVE	Great
We enjoyed our stay at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago. It was elegant, classy, and the service was impeccable. It was very family friendly for us, with the spacious rooms, the kid's room, and the no smoking policy. We were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see. The food was delicious and we didn't have to go outside the hotel to find good food. When visiting Chicago again, we will come back. It was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price. Linda Davies I'll visit again!	47	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	
bell boys there when you need them, sully staff, no smiles at all in this place. had to wait 30 min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff. boy, sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in SF. never here again!	256	TRUTHFULNEGATIVE	no
stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else.	189	DECEPTIVEPOSITIVE	Fantastic
wife and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago last week (in a studio suite, which was NOT worth the extra payment). It was an absolute NIGHTMARE! To begin with, the room is listed as 'oversized', when it's nothing of the sort. We've previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about 2 square feet smaller. I believe the only extra space was in the closet, which isn't very useful unless you plan on living there! We had our two sons with us, so we had to make extra sleeping space. Our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time, complaining of bugs moving around. He must have been umcomfortable also, as I sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock. The room service is horrible, they took 47 minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around 10pm, and she had to wait up for that. My family would NEVER go back to this hotel, and I highly recommend you also stay well away. of done better. brand of hotels. the Chicago area. again - ever. return here again. in the bathroom. heart was broken. their other options. of the experience. this hotel again. into another hotel. almost too long.	7	DECEPTIVENEGATIVE	My
